Lil Wayne
Dedication 5
2013)
My niggas been stunting since way back when
CNN I got news for you haters.
I'm a nasty ass nigga, ask your bitch I ain't lying
69, that's a favor for a favor.

Them hoes biting they lip
Cause when I say shit like that she feel some type of way
I hit it from the front, from the side, from the back
I hit it all type of ways
She throw it at me like I'm just one strike away
Sometimes life is hard to swallow, but she like to taste.
Naenaenaenaenae my lawyer fight the case
I got them flowers in me, I feel like a vase
Monsters in my closet no more closet space
Niggas want to be this fly
Too many flights to take

Enough with the small talk, my girl pussy is a waterpark
Every little thing I do turn her on, that's autostart
I kiss every single body part, her body is a work of art
I'm way too high, her skirt too short
I think I love her, it was just a thought
I pop up in that coupe about to go back to the future
She said Tune' not in my mouth damn you should've said it sooner
I be shittin on these niggas, like I'm sippin Metamucil
And we smoking on that gas, pass it like excuse you.
And it's 66 2's Pyru all day my nigga
Before these niggas play with us, they'll play dead my nigga
And if you looking for my I'll be on these bitches mind
These niggas chicken and I've never seen a chicken fly
My bitch been fussing at me about nothing
Ain't no telling what she'd do I replace her.
Like bae, I'm straight there's plenty fishing, I'm bait
We can't even have a decent conversation.

I pop the seal on my sip, and she be like see you gonna drink your life away
Bitch it's my life, my life, my life shout out Mary J
And tell them boys that beef tastes like a slice of cake
And Old Folks get shot too they write down license plates
I hope that ho don't call saying her cycle late
All this fuck ain't gotta stop, but I need tighter brakes
And don't run from this dick girl I don't like to chase
I wax that ass she make that Mr. Miyagi face
And she ain't all that pretty but I like her shape
They say numbers don't lie she shaped like a 8.
She say she ain't no dyke, but she gonna dyke today
It's curtains for these niggas I feel like some drapes.
We turnt up niggas burnt up stop the microwave
This shit might cost her side life but that's the price we pay
I'm hotter than the peppers Peter Piper ate
This that Dedication 5, what up 5?

Ay Tune' I gotta turn up on the D5 man!
Hustle Gang, bang, green mean, anybody get it
Anything will do for the paper
And we live this shit, talk slick get kill't
Got nothing but a 2 for a hater (Spent 100K on my wrist nigga!)
This flooded rollie make you feel some type of way (I know it do!)
Your ho be on me, know you feel some type of way (I take your ho!)
The car I'm driving make you feel some type of way (They can't afford this nigga!)
The cash I get it make you feel some type of way (Bankrolls-R-Us!)
This typa way know you feel some type of way (Hustle Gang my nigga!)
That shit ain't hot, we out here popping that's all I can say (G.D.O.D!)
My only problem is trying to decide what I'm a drive today (Hustle Gang my nigga!)
We shine all in they face I know they feel some type of way (Hey!)
I wake up in a multi-million dollar crib get dressed I plan on having a nicer day,
When these punk ass rappers keep my name in they mouth, like they some type of gay
Ay, you know me dog, so watch what you say. (You better watch your mouth!)
We ain't playing no games with your lame ass nigga, fuckboy you can die today (I swear you can!)
I keep a chopper in my backseat, actually it's my Glock partner, (My Glock, partner!)
Play crazy if you want to, fuck around and get shot partner. (Get shot partner!)
I don't like these niggas, and really fuck these niggas.
Talk crazy in ya raps if you want, when you see me you won't touch these niggas! (Won't touch these niggas!)
Ball all around in my flip flop, you think TIP soft?
Well then why don't you try me.
If you do then it goin' be dramatic
We going to need some music, the queuein the violin
Talkin' slow single?
Flower bringer?
Empty a clip in you earing, and you chest thing, and you out the door
This flooded rollie make you feel some type of way (I know it do!)
Your ho be on me, know you feel some type of way (I take your ho!)
The car I'm driving make you feel some type of way (They can't afford this nigga!)
The cash I get it make you feel some type of way (Bankrolls-R-Us!)