Lil Wayne
Dedication 5
2013)
Shout to Chi-Town!
Dedication 5!
Since oh five!
Know that!

You feel like Kool-Aid in a wine glass
Witchyo' fine ass
You fine as two grapes gettin' stomped out by a giant cast
You the best dressed with ya breasts showin'
Like a salad no dress-on
Take ya to ya favorite restaurant
Ask for the bread then fuck in the restroom
They don't ask for a pass when yo ass waltz in my dress room
You the best bride and I'm the best groom
Wedding presents got my best man
At the Best Buy buyin' the Best of Fresh Prince for the bedroom
I'mma buy a summer house, with a rec room
And a car with no backseat and some leg room
And some strawberries and some chocolate
And a fridge and some some broccoli
Cause I know you like vegetables even though I don't
I won't say I won't eat it if you chef it
Fuck it I'll hire Geoffrey to get a beverage if you should ever get parched
You feel like Ruby Dee to me, great and powerful Ossie
Who's behind the man behind the curtain? Foxy
Coffee brown as the bosom I flew in on
Nose round like the wheels that my rims spin on
Lips full like the light on
The dash was flickin'
Oh wait it wasn't
Oh and I forgot I'll take a microwaver oven
So we can kick the butler out and we can make a muffin
Maybe bake a dozen
My homeboy like yo sister maybe they can bake some cousins
Ooh isn't that sweet
You feel like Kool-Aid in a wine glass

This is not a love song
This is a you song
I just happen to love you

Give you the world if it was for me
My diamond grill make it hard to see I'm lying through my teeth
And now I'm flying on my PJ, looking at the clouds
Thinking about yo ass and how it look like a big smile
I get mental flashbacks of you asscrack
Lemme get back on track...
You say I act like I don't miss you, that's because I don't act
But anyway, we can role-play or get straight to it
Sorry, my mind in the gutter, better yet sewer
And when you say I love you, I stutter "I-I-I love you too"
It's Wayne's world, she say "what is this world coming to?"
And she know me and whoever together, she hope we come a loose
She told if she ain't the one, she gon' throw up the deuce
I laughed at her, we took a bath together and splashed each other
Then she got serious, she said "Tune I gotta ask you something
Do you really love me?" I tried to change the subject
So I said some crazy shit to her like: "what if you and I were just letters?
That be unfortunate we'd have to rob a fortune teller
But I swear I think I love you, fingers crossed in my pocket
Okay that's a dead subject, you bring it up that's a zombie
You remind me, of my memory ain't what it used to be"
She said she ain't tripping, I know cause I move my feet
And when she figure out that she been swindled
I'll be cleaning that love bird shit off my window
I-I-I love you too...


I mean how many times...How many times I gotta...How many times do I gotta say it for it to count? Are you counting? I loved the pictures. I needed that I swear I did. I was just thinking about you when you sent them too, you don't believe me. Ha, I know. D5. What up 5. I-I-I love you too. I do.