Lil Wayne
Dedication 5
2013)
Man... Mike, cut something on!
Man, they don't never let me get on nothing dog..
Man cut something on!
Hurry up tho, before tune get back, come on!
Yeah, D5 motherfucker!
It's Tunechi JR. bitch!
Pops, lemme go ahead an get em one time, ya heard me?
Hol' up!

Turn my motherfucking mic' on
And I ain't leaving 'til the motherfucking lights on
This ain't a dick, this a motherfucking python
And if it's war call me, fuck Tyrone
You know what? It's time for y'all niggas to sit
Big ass house, no room for bullshit
Such and such told me, "Chuck, you ain't rich!"
Well tell such and such: "Nigga suck my dick!"
Cause I got a lot of sperm if you need it, sperm if you need it
I made you go crazy for no fucking reason
I beat you pussy niggas up until you start bleedin'
Menstrual cycle, fuck it, go ahead bleach em
Diarrhea, I'm running this shit, I'm just getting my laps on
All my niggas strapped up, y'all pussy niggas got strap-ons
Bitch we bread this 5-stars, bitch we bleed these 5-stars
YMCMB, you can come get fucked by 5 stars!
She don' got too , I don' made her stupid ass walk home
I kill the beat  round as a motherfucking Super Dome
You know I'm a fucking beast, yeah I'm a fucking creep
You could get these 30 clips if you wanna make a scene
Tune let me off the leash, now I run the fucking streets
Two fingers in her pussy, then I tell her pussy, "Peace!"
It's Chuckee! She said, "Yo' name Chuckee?"
I said, "No, my name's Suck Me!"
Introduce you to T if you stupid ass lucky
 rolling fat and I got my nose stuffy 
All my niggas on gas, Quik Trip
And all my niggas gon' blast this shit
See, all y'all niggas doing bad and shit
So really I'mma act a fucking ass this year
Trukfit on my neck, that Truk mean I'll truck your ass
She got junk up in her trunk, I guess it's time to take out the trash
 And you thought this shit was over
Got paper like a fucking school folder
If her grass ain't cut get the lawnmower
Tony, tell them bitches it's  gang
Vocal lessons, let the nina sing
Before I leave up out this bitch, they gon' know my fucking name!
Birdman Jr. Junior! Fuck a dog bitch, I got a puma
Man these niggas' pussies stink, no wonder why I was smelling tuna
Lame ass boys don't want no trouble, pussy niggas just a bunch of suckers
Smashing all they moms, you could call me a motherfucker
Man I'm about to act an ass, and this shit here? Just a little tease
 and all them girls say Hercules!
Bitch I'm living B.I.G., my gun is little 
If that girl don't pop it off, I'll just skeet right on her weave
OK that gold pack in my pocket! I'm like a rag up in a socket?
And when I cock that nina nine you better not cock block me!
Uh, YM be the shit, I say damn everybody else
I be kicking girls out the condo, I got a black belt
Big bro said "It's yo time nigga!"
You heard what the fuck the man said
Boy I body these verses, that's why they cost an arm and a leg
Left that coochie smoking, she gon' fail her drug test
My chain on freeze, call my shit under arrest
I'm gone! 
Mike turn the mic' off dog!
Fuck, I'm just playing around dog...
Man cut the beat off before tune get back!