The Notorius B.I.G
Ready To Die
1994)
No...fuck the bitches, fuck all the stank-ass hoes, all my
niggas know...Junior Mafia click, Gucci Don, you know how we play.
Fuckin' skanless-ass bitches. You know how it go Boots...I
meet a bitch, fuck a bitch, next thing you know you fuckin'
the bitch.  You just pass it around and shit, pass the shit like
a cold and shit.  Fuck'em.



Now when I'm fuckin' those Jen I'm invincible
Don't love no hoe, that's my priciple
'cause uh, bitches come (and uh) bitches go
That's why I get my nut and I be out the fuckin' door
(You know) they might be the one to set me up
Wanna get their little brother to wet me up
That's why I tote Tecs and stuff to get'em off my case
Just in case the little fucker ends up misplaced
I don't give a bitch enough to catch the bus
and when I see the semen I'm leavin'
Bitches be schemin', I kid ya not
That's why I keep my windows locked and my Glock cocked
One hoe said, "Big, why you so hard on us?
Why you swear all bitches are so scandalous?"
Thug nigga 'til the end, tell a friend bitch
'cause when I like ya, then ya go and fuck my friend bitch
(And you know that ain't right)



You know that ain't right

With a friend of mine   



You see, I don't sweat these hoes
I keep'em in flavours like Timbo's and Jibbo's
Bitches just like to play the Mary though
(Yeah we know, drop the scenario)
It was me, Dee, the MPV
The blunts and brew thang, knockin' some Wu-tang
M-E-T-H-Oh shit, look at them lips and them hips on that bitch
Dee hit the dip, so I can drop my mackadocious shit
Light the blunt clip, and recognize a pimp
Needless to speak, the Gee's obsolete
Don't sleep!  Banged the skins in a week
On the creep up the avenue
I seen her on the block, who she rappin' to?
That's my nigga Dee, damn he got Gee
Now she fuckin' him and fuckin' me, see
You know that ain't right





Uh...now I play her far like a moon play a star
She still sweat me hard 'cause I'm a rap star
I be cruisin' up the block, I be passin' her
Pimpin' hard with the female passenger
And the only time I call her to hang
Is when me and Dee blunted up, pissy, schemin' on a gang-bang
She should've used her intuition
Then she wouldn't be classified in that position, listen
She's sayin' I dissed her 'cause I'm fuckin' her sister
A message to the fellas, that really gets'em pissed, uh
But she started that fuckin' family
She fucked my man Dee, so why she mad at me?
Plus your sister look better than you
Give head better than you, pussy get wetter than you
So break the fuck out like a rash
I'm glad I ain't spend no cash to hit your nasty ass