Tupac
All Eyez On Me
1996)
What's your phone number?
Now, I could make miracles to tempos
It's instrumental, waiting for the nymphos; that's the intro
Shook when you rush me, walked up and touched me
Why? Do you want to fuck me?
Just 'cause I'm paid in the worst way? True!
Lookin' kinda good in your birthday suit
I wonder if you're wild and you act shy
Do you like to be on top or the back side?
Watch me while you lick your lips
Shake your hips, goddamn, I love that shit
Yo, let's stop fakin', be real now
I got a room and a hard-on; still down?
Met you standing at a bar full of black dudes
Said you wanna see my scars and my tattoos
When we head for my hideout, act right
Boss player when I ride out, that's right
What's ya phone number?
If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
Oh shit, baby is a dime piece, more than just fine
She's personally blessed from the gods
If I seen her right now, she could get me hard
Didn't want to talk to me, just to see my car
Never had sex with a rich rap star
'Til I got her in the back of my homeboy's car
Tell me, why do we live this way?
Money over bitches, let me hear you say
What's your phone number?
Are you alone? Got a pocket full of rubbers, let's bone!
Time for your girlfriend to take you home
I had fun, but baby, gotta leave me alone
Picture in my rhyme
Take time to rewind these words I say
If you open your mind bet in a minute you'll find
It's time let the Outlawz play
What's ya phone number?
If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
If you really wanna fuck with me, I'm ready
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?

 Hello?
 Hello? Who is this?
 Is this 2Pac?
 This is who?
 Is this 2Pac?
 Yeah, it's 2Pac. Who is this?
 Hi, baby. How are you?
 I'm aight. What up, baby?
 You don't recognize the voice?
 You recognize my voice, huh?
 Do you recognize MY voice?
 Nah, I know you?
 Yeah, you know me. I guess you don't recognize me when I'm talking
 Where I know you from? Where I know you from?
 You just know me, baby
 Where? Talk up, I can't barely hear you
 You know me from when we were, you know, intimate
 Oh, we fucked?
 Oh baby, did we ever
 Oh, tell me about it, baby
 I remember when I put that big dick in my hand and stroked it up and down
 OOOOH!
 Then I put it in my mouth. I sucked it
 Ooh, you did?
 Ooh, I did
 Shit!
 Fucked it and fucked it. Put me in. You came
 Did I come?
 Ooh, baby: everywhere, everywhere. You don't remember me yet?
 I'm starting to get a picture. Why don't you help me out. What did I do to the pussy? What a nigga do to the pussy?
 You rocked it
 Did I?
 Yeah, you did
 Did I give you some of that Thug Passion?
 Mmmmmm
 Heh, heh. Eh, so what you doing right now, though?
 Me and my finger are getting acquainted
 How many you got?
 I got ten, but only one is workin'
 Oh well, can I come over there?
 If you want to
 Do I want to? Do a bear shit in the woods and wipe his ass with a rabbit?
 Mmm. You gonna rock it, baby?
 Hell yeah, I'm gonna rock it, baby
 Like you did before?
 No dizoubt. You gonna feel that Thug Passion for real
 Mmmm, baby
 I'm on my way though. I'm about to fly over there in a 500. It ain't gonna take but a minute. Eh, light the candles, get the baby oil out, turn all the lights out. Drink a little bit of that shit. I'm on my way, babe. I'm gonna knock that pussy to the next week
 Knock it out, baby, knock it out
 I'm gon knock the taste out your mouth, girl. I'm gonna put your legs on your head. I'ma tie you up, blindfold you. And we gonna play which hole feel the best
 You know which hole feel the best
 We finna see tonight, though
 I'm gonna make you remember me
 Oh, yeah
 Yeah
 Oh yeah, you got my dick hard. I can't find the steering shift, you got me so fucked up. I'm playing with myself and shit
 Can I shift your gear? Can I shift it in the front?
 Hell yeah, aye, you know what I wanna do though?
 Whatch you wanna do?
 I wanna fuck you on the balcony, while you lookin' out over L.A, yaknahmean? Just poundin' that shit from the back
'Cause a motherfucker hop that shit like I got hydraulics
Fixed in me, you feel me? I be hittin' switches, baby
 Ooh, I feel you, yes
 Heh, hey, I'm fin' to come over there. Just wait for me sweetheart, I'm on my way right now. I'll see you later, baby, bye
 Bye, boo
 Hah, yeah, I'm gonna get some pussy
Heh, get some pussy, hah, hah