Lil Wayne
Tha Carter III
2008)
Page 1. Chapter 1. Verse mother fucking 1.
Yeah,
Uh huh,
I'm Drinking hot tea bitch.
Feel me, now if you let me you wont regret me,
Shit if you let me you wont forget me.
Remember? And  if you don't then ponder hold up pop! pop! there's a reminder.
I ain't kinda hot I'm sauna, I sweat money and the bank is my shower,
And that pistol is my towel, so stop sweating me coward.
And I would die for ours, ride for hours, supply the flowers.
This is history in the making, now shut the fuck up and let me make it.

Please don't shoot me down, cause I'm flying, I'm flying, I'm higher
Please don't shoot me down, I'm flying, I'm higher.
I swear this tea is at a real good temperature right now.
I spit Alcatraz bars I know,
And D Boys is the only alphabet boys i know,
Got a 380 on my waste and ranbow back home,
No more bandanna round my dome,
Bandana in my right pocket, bitch I'm grown.
Fuck what you want, watch me stand on the world as I sit in a throne
And if I jump I'm going to fly and look into the eagles eye and see I am lookin like you, why?
Bitch see, it gets me how nothing gets me or get to me,
And if your shootin for the stars then just shoot me,
But your bullets don't reach mars, haws, claws because I'm a beast I'm a dawg ill get you,
My picture should be in the dictionary next to the definition of definition,
Because repetition is the father of learning. and son i know your barrel burning but..

Please don't shoot me down, cause I'm flying, I'm flying, I'm higher
Please don't shoot me down, I'm flying, I'm higher.
Ay! Talk to my daddy.
Pop i did it to em, I'm a bastard, and I'm going to do it again like nigga backwards,
These niggas backwards, but they behind us. Now watch me get high like times up
Now D bring the drums back, and watch me hit them where there lungs at like that,
I get respect cause if don't I'm going to take it, i see your boys hating and i see your girls naked.
It sounds like a naked gun, switch clips with my thumb, and i pop another clip in and aim at his vision.
Cause Wayne is his vision, cause Wayne is the mission, I'm aiming at a mirror...

Please don't shoot me down, cause I'm flying, I'm flying, (and I've done it before, please don't make me do it any more.) I'm higher
Please don't shoot me down, (watch me soar) I'm flying, (where the fuck is my guitar, now roar) I'm higher.