Lil Wayne
Tha Carter III
2008)
Young Money
Ya Dig
A millionaire, I'm a young money millionaire
Tougher than Nigerian hair
My criteria compared to your career this isn't fair
I'm a venereal disease like a menstrual bleed
Through the pencil and leak on the sheet of the tablet
In my mind 'cause I don't write shit, 'cause I ain't got time
'cause my seconds, minutes, hours  go to the all mighty dollar
And the all mighty power of that ch, ch, ch, ch chopper
Sister, brother, son, daughter, father mothafuck a coppa
Got the Maserati dancin' on the bridge pussy poppin'
Tell the coppers hahahaha you can't catch 'em, you can't stop 'em
I go by them goon rules if you can't beat 'em then you pop 'em
You can't man 'em then you mop 'em,
You can't stand 'em then you drop 'em,
You pop 'em 'cause we pop 'em like Orville Redenbacher!!
Motherfucker I'm ill
A million here, a million there
Sicilian bitch with long hair
With coke in the derriere
Like smoking the thinnest air
I open the Lamborghini hopin' them crackers see me
Like look at that bastard weezy
He's a beast, he's a dog, he's a motherfucking problem
OK, you're a goon but what's a goon to a goblin?
Nothing, nothing -- you ain't scarin' nothing
On some faggot bullshit call him Denise Rodman
Call me what you want bitch, call me on my sidekick
Never answer when it's private, damn I hate a shy bitch
Don't you hate a shy bitch?
Yeah I ate a shy bitch
She ain't shy no more, she changed her name to my bitch
hahahaha, yeah, nigga that's my bitch
So when she ask for the money, when you through don't be surprised bitch
It ain't trickin' if you got it
But you like a bitch with no ass, you ain't go shit
Motherfucker I'm ill, not sick
And I'm OK but my watch sick, yeah my drop sick, yeah my glock sick and my knot thick
IM It!
Motherfucker I'm Ill!
Yeah
See..
They say I'm rapping like Big, Jay and Tupac, Andre 3000 where is Erykah Baduh at? Who that?
Who that say they're gonna beat Lil' Wayne
My name ain't BIC, but I keep that flame man
Who that one that do that boy?
You all knew that
True that swallow
And I be the shit now you got loose bowels
I don't owe you like two vowels
But I would like for you to pay me by the hour
Ha ha, and I'd rather be pushing flowers
Than to be in the penn sharing showers
Ha, Tony told us this world was ours
and the Bible told us every girl was sour
don't play in the garden and don't smell her flower
call me Mr. Carter or Mr. Lawn Mower
boy I got so many bitches like I'm Michael Lowry
even Gwen Stefani said she couldn't doubt me
Motherfucker I say life ain't shit without me
Chrome lips poking out the coup look like it's pouting
I do what I do and you do what you can do about it Bitch
I could turn a crack rock into a mountain, dare me
Don't you compare me 'cause there ain't nobody near me
They don't see me, but they hear me
They don't feel me, but they fear me.
I'm illie
C3
3P
Hahahaha