N.W.A
Efil4zaggin
1991)
Why do I call myself a nigga, you ask me?
Well it's because motherfuckers want to blast me
And run me outta my neighborhood
They label me as a dope dealer
Yo! And say that I'm no good
But I can't find jobs so niggas wouldn't have to go out
Gave up some dope on the corner so they could show out
When the cops came, they gave a fake name
Because the life in the streets is just a head game
So therefore, to make more
A fifteen year old black kid will go and rob a liquor store
And get shot in the process
He ate up a nine bullet and now he's put to rest
Why do I call myself a nigga, you ask me?
I guess it's the way shit has to be
Back when I was young getting a job was murder
Fuck flipping burgers
'Cause a deserve a nine-to-five I can be proud of
That I can speak loud of
And to help a nigga get out of.
Yo! The concrete playground
But most motherfuckers only want you to stay down
But I'm a smart motherfucker you see
One of the best producers in the rap music industry
Getting paid like a mother fucker
A young brother who don't give a fuck about another
Why do I call myself a nigga, you ask me?
Because police always wanna harass me
Every time that I'm rolling
They swear up and down that the car was stolen
Make me get faced down in the street
They throw the shit out my car on the concrete
In front of a residence
A million white motherfuckers on my back like I shot the President
Why do I call myself a nigga, you ask me?
Because my mouth is so mother fucking nasty
Bitch this, bitch that
Nigga this, nigga that
In the mean while my pockets are getting fat
Getting paid to say this shit here
Making more in a week than a doctor makes in a year
So, why not call myself a nigga?
It's better than pulling the trigger and going up the river
And don't I get called a nigga anyway?
Booked as a motherfucker and locked away
So... so, cut out all that bull shit
Yo! I guess I'll be a nigga for life
(Niggas, crack-heads, thieves.
If there's a hell below, we're all gonna go.)
Nigga. Nigga. Nigga
Nigga. Nigga
Nigga, please
I'm treated like a fucking disease.
You say: why can I call myself a nigga so quick?
Cause I can reach in my draws and pull out a bigger dick
Yo! niggas say nigga we cool
But, cracker say nigga not to fuck up
But I got to be a fast nigga
Not to be the last nigga
Or I have to beat your ass, nigga
In the city you see action first
Then hear about it later
In a verse I curse
Because I'm real with this to keep my shit straight bumpin'
Murder created by the streets of Compton
I get it from the underground poet
I live it, I see it, and I write it
Because I know it
And if you think I'm fucking your wife
Your mother fuckin' right
Yo! Because I'm a nigga for Life
Nigga, this
Nigga, that
The actual fact is that I'm black
And bound to attract
The attention of another
I mean the other
But I'm a mother fucker that'll have them running for cover
You see, I don't give a fuck about nothing
Except getting paid, getting bitches, and issuing with stitches
Which is all needed to read it and find a rhyme
And then it's time to say
The nigga's here to stay
But what about the fake niggas, the house niggas
To get paid quick they gotta suck a fat dick
But NWA is outta your mother fuckin' range
We ain't gonna change a mother fuckin' thing
I call myself a nigga 'cause my skin won't whiten
I call myself a nigga 'cause the shit that I'm writing
Hypes me, hypes other mother fuckers around me
And that's the reason why they want to surround me
And ask me: why do I call myself a nigger-o
Ain't none of their fuckin' business 'cause I'll let the trigger go
So get out of my presence, and get out of my sight
'Cause MC Ren is a nigga for Life
You're a nigga 'til you die
If you're a poor nigga, then you're a poor nigga
If you're a rich nigga, you're a rich nigga
But you never stop being a nigger
And if you get to be educated, you's an education nigga
It's plain to see, you can't change me
'Cause I'm a be a nigga for Life 
I'm a nigga
She's a nigga
He's a nigga
We some niggas
Wouldn't you like to be a nigga to?