Lil Wayne
I Am Not A Human Being II
2013)
Walked in the bank like my shit don’t stank
Bitch, I’m from New Orleans, everybody ain’t saints
Pockets never empty, Weezy F, full tank
Try and check me and I’mma leave that check blank
Tongue kiss that pussy, make that woman have convulsions
I’m in this bitch throwin’ up blood like an ulcer
Real nigga like a motherfuckin’ slave
R.I.P. these niggas, like a page
“Um, hello, how’re you doing, sir?”
Doctor call that MD, that’s mur-der
Bitches ain’t shit, and niggas ain’t neither
Bad bitches, I’ll get “at you! ” like sinus (bless you)
These niggas is fake, like a bosom
And everybody’s on edge until you push ‘em
Ha! But the pleasure’s all mine
‘Cause on my watch, I’m the greatest of all time

And I don’t know how fake feel, nigga
‘Cause all my life, I’ve been a real nigga
Yeah, all my life, I’ve been a real nigga
Don’t fuck up my night, I’m like “what’s poppin’?”
What’s your friend’s name?
What y’all drinkin’ on?
Come get an oil change, I brought my AK
I’m on my A game, bitch, I’m an A-hole
Leavin’ shit stains… hoe

I’m an asshole, but I don’t give a shit
Like a hard dick, I’m in this bitch
I’m sharp, I’m cold – ice pick
Top off the Maybach – nice tits
I’m from Hollygrove, used to hang with L
I make them bitches… they waiting to exhale
I’m on some gangster shit, knock your head off
Bark up my tree, that’s a dead dog
Where them hoes at? Tell ‘em I said what’s up
I like a shaved pussy, no razor bumps
I got that paper, bitch – come get a paper cut
Don’t gamble in that pussy, not even Lady Luck
I make ‘em straighten up, and fly right
When life hands your lemons, find the limelight
Yeuh… and the pleasure’s all mine
‘Cause on my watch, I’m the greatest of all time


I like my alcohol straight, bitch
I can’t stop stunting, I need my brakes fixed
Yeah I’m on that shit, like a fuckin’ maggot
On the road to riches, you niggas stuck in traffic
Stomp a nigga out, keep the party going
Kick them hoes out if them hoes annoying
But if they friends bad, then them hoes could join
I’m ‘bout to shoot a porn, I’m casting Broken Arm
Got money on my mind, pussy on my agenda
I beat that pink pussy magenta, fuck being gentle
Man I’m hard, these niggas is simple, gun to your temple
I smoke ‘til I look Oriental, high as a window
And I broke these niggas like pencils on accidental
Bitch, I meant to, dick in her dimples, lick it, I tremble
I swear, this shit is mental, fuck it, my rent due
I’ll school your ass and suspend you, bitch!