Lil Wayne
Dedication 5
2013)
Tomorrow, tomorrow
Tomorrow, tomorrow
Ain't no such thing as tomorrow
The way we living today

Dreads hang on designer everything
Mr. Comme des Garçons, Mr. Alexander Wang
Mr. Chain, pinky ring, flow insane, ho insane
Man, these shoes I got on, these the hardest I done seen
It look clean when you pour it, I remix it make it dirty
If she got good head and text me, I text back and tell her "hurry"
This that category 5 when I walk up in the strip club
Throw it high, make you and George Washington head butt
OG's never fed us, now young niggas fed up
Ballin' so hard I deserve a and one
Baking soda marketing, I'm getting it ain't I? Obviously.
You a bitch, you a ho, that's just my philosophy
And I'm known to kick it like the captain of a soccer team
Billie Jean red leather same color Red Lobster
And she brain wash ya, head doctor
I'm a be fresh as hell if the Feds watching

I'm a be fresh as hell if the Feds watching
I'm a be fresh as hell if the Feds watching
I'm a be fresh as hell if the Feds watching
Drop topping, head bopping

Bullet ain't got no name,
Her pussy ain't got no smell,
Got this bitch on lock, these niggas ain't got no bail,
These snitches ain't got no pride, these hoes ain't got no manners,
These tricks ain't got no magic, ain't that a bitch.
But me, I make shit taste like sugar cane,
'Bout to go to bed with what's her name?,
Yeah,
Pussy never felt so good,
And you know we don't smoke that bullshit
Give that shit back to that bull.
Uh, I'm so sick of balling, I'm so sick of balling,
Ride me like a horse, Bitches call me charley.
Swear to God, I never met a nigga with enough money,
I'm riding around in that new thing, with no roof like a hush puppy.
Shhh,
I look down at the stars,
I could pull a few strings, make it sound like guitars,
Told that bitch she my boo, now the round of applause.
Shit, I'm a be dressed to kill, now the dead watching.
Tunechi!

I'm a be fresh as hell if the Feds watching
I'm a be fresh as hell if the Feds watching
I'm a be fresh as hell if the Feds watching
Drop topping, head bopping

I strive and roll my Denim, bankrolls all in 'em
I'm maximal, you minimal
Make dough, you better get you some
Them cone on, we be been in er
Better add bottle, we been em all
Shot of weed with the one with the pounds of the weed
And the quarter keys of middle school
Beeper, sneakers, tennis shoe – that's how we were hustling fuck
When I pull this strap you don't do what I say
Nigga that's what I would bust it for
I don't take your shit, ain't nothing bruh
What's all this discussion for?
And Martin Luther King got em doing my thing
Aye motherfucker, you can't fuck with us
You know a counterfeit case make years in prison
Got back out, got back to getting busy
Keep playing round with it, on the reals you can get it
Let a goon get a quarter mill, that'll kill it
Couple racks on that Versace suit
Just in case they watching fool
Sophisticated, my surveillance pics just like a photoshoot
Givenchy, Balenciaga, YSL and Prada
Tom Ford, Lan Barn, you name it I got it
So I be fresh as fuck, going hard when the feds watching
Literally 'cause I'm menaging when the feds watching.

I'm a be fresh as hell if the Feds watching
I'm a be fresh as hell if the Feds watching
I'm a be fresh as hell if the Feds watching
Drop topping, head bopping