Dr. Dre
The Chronic
1992)
Cannabis Sativa, ha ha, or in the heart of L.A. known as the Chronic
Not to be confused with the Bionic
Even though, it does cost six million dollars
Man, understand, ah, ha, ha
Now, we're working with some new improved shit on this track
Nevertheless, not no stress, sucker ass niggaz!!
So now we're gonna move on and uhh...
Light a big fat one up for the world; and hit this
Once or twice and you'll be twice as nice, get it?
This is the Chronic, ahh, hha, hha

Play that motherfucker out there, nigga!!

Make my Bud the Chronic, I wants to get fucked
Make my shit the Chronic, I gots to fire it up
I want the bomb, I want the Chronic
I gots to get fucked up
Make my Bud the Chronic, before I take it home

Stay in my last joint, don't fuck with me fool
Pass the bud, Who got the dope sacks?
WooooooWheee, this is shouting a motherfucker, man
 You can take it or leave it, nigga
But I need a spliff right now
 Roll this shit up then, nigga
And I don't want no Sess, brother
It's got to be the Chronic, you know what I mean, nigga?
(Inhale) Yeah, that's the Chronic
That's the Chronic, that's the Bomb bud
 You ain't never lied, nigga
Now, get me a motherfucking Zig-Zag and we're straight
 Yeah nigga, I got some of that
Or better yet, a motherfucking blunt 
 I got that shit 
A Philliy blunt that is
 See you dog

Make my Bud the Chronic, I wants to get fucked
Make my shit the Chronic, I gots to fire it up
I want the bomb, I want the Chronic
I gots to get fucked up
Make my Bud the Chronic, before I take it home

God, damn, I'm fucked up!!
 Damn, I'm fucked up too
That shit ain't no joke, awww, shit
No, I want no more, I want shit
Just leave me alone, just let me chill out
And listen to this shit, I'm high!

Make my Bud the Chronic, I wants to get fucked
Make my shit the Chronic, I gots to fire it up
I want the bomb, I want the Chronic
I gots to get fucked up
Make my Bud the Chronic, before I take it home

That's fucked up, what they put in this weed?
That's why they call this shit Chronic
 I think your ass is high
Uhh, damn, damn, damn, shit
Fucked up, fucked up, fucked, raises the fuck up
Really though, really though
Now, I'm cooler than a motherfucker
That shit, that shit is, that shit's crazy, man
I'm high, damn, that nigga Dre served some shit now..
Oohhhh, I'm ready to fuck some shit up now, baby
 Ohh, you can come on and fuck me up
Hmm, hmm, triple cheeseburger
 Awww, you're just talking about some food
Some fries, and motherfucking couple of Sodas and shit
And.. hot apple turnovers and all the old shit, nigga
(Yawn) I'm ready to get my mind on
The Bud smells good than a motherfucker too
I don't want hit no more of that old shit 
That shit is nice to be fucked with
Nice to be fucked with, I'm hiiighh
Ohhh, nigga, you pass that shit to somebody else
Nigga, I'm through for the night
Really though, really though, nigga
Let's go and get some food and get up out this motherfucker
Cause uhh.. no nigga, don't be trying to pass me that shit
Nigga, I told you I'm cool, ohh, maddness!

Ha, I got another dope sack, nigga, Ha ha ha