Busta Rhymes
Anarchy
2000)
"We just sparkle now"
"Yeah, We just sparkle now"
"We just gon' sparkle now"
"All niggas, yeah, we gon' sparkle now"
"Yeah, we gon' shiiine aaand we are gon' sparkle now"
"Yeah, Yeah we gon....ha"

Yo, Yo You know I be the maestro
Rages are (brand spankin' fresssshhh!!) 
And always with the right glow
Get ya hyper like a nitro taebo cycle
We 'bout to knock it outta sight yo..ha
Ya know I keep a tight flow, ever since a little nigga yo
They always say they might blow
Nowaday we shinin bright yo
Even the cool joints'll make a nigga straight to wanna fight though
High roller, mind blowin', wild bonin'
Take y'all niggas for a little ride just like they motherfuckin cyclonin'
Yo, you know my niggas stay holdin' 
Now we see some jealous niggas on the side all in they mouth foamin'
While we roamin' and we zonin' play the right role
White bowl, we still'll take a nigga white goal
Before we break fast break glass take trash
I'll bust ya shit and go and chase ass
I'm sayin' this now

 

All my party people (party people!)
You need to come inside (come inside now!)
Because we got it people (ya know we got it for ya!)
So just enjoy the ride (yeah, enjoy the ride now bitches!)

Yo, you know I be the captain
Blaze it out and bring you all the hottest scene of action
I gotta gotta give it give it to ya (Oooooh!)
Let me light a L pass a glass of henny to ya (Woooh!)
Now let me get my little shine on rhyme on
And give ya shit to keep ya mind on
Check it, I keep toast and rock the most
Break it down blow the sheet up and vanish like a ghost
Whether you're spanish or speak another language I hope
The way we damage shit I hope you're the cult, my nigga
Check it, eh, you know I be the champion hands on
And make the bitches get they dance on
Black it out from the back of da house
To the front, whatever you want
Fuck what they yappin about
Eh eh, before we ride we check ransom
Smokin' the spot, like how we smoked the live in the mansion
Yeah, the way we hold bank roll
Cheddar so thick, sometimes the shit done made me have to stack folds
Ha, we all up in ya asshole
So hot shit possess you and get all in ya damn soul
We got you drenched drippin up in the spot
We took it from you now we holdin' the rock (D-O!)
The type of shit that make ya rush sometin' touch sometin' buss sometin'
And make you wanna go and fuck sometin'
I'm only talking to...




"Just float just like we all in the ocean"
"Yeah, yeah, see, we 'bout to sparkle now"
"We are gon' sparkle now please, now"
"Just let us sparkle now, yeah, yeah, we gon...ha"
"Yeah, ha ha...we gon' sparkle nooowww!"