The Notorius B.I.G
Notorious
2009)
A whole lotta niggaz want Big to make a demo tape 'specially that...
BUM-ASS NIGGA, uhh!
This goin' out to you nigga recognize
Yo 50, what's this?

Microphone murderer, mass mayhem maker
B.I.G.'s on the mic, call the undertaker
Make an appointment. - Schedule a interview
Because you know what Big Man's about to do.
50 Gran' on the Technic - at the right peak
Brothers wanna hear the words Big Man speak!
The microphone I rip it! - The burner got the clip in
Slammin MC's like Scottie Pippen. ("Paaaapeerrrr! ")
Flippin on Old Gold, cold as the rhymes you stole
Puffin' on dime bags and I been told.
My words are harder than a brick, Chinese arithmetic
A thick stick and my dick!
Makes me sick when you pick the whick-whack rhyme G
You get what you pumpin' is Tic-Tac time Z.
The B.I.G. moves swifter than a ninja
Even on stickups I'm the masked avenger! ("Paaaapeerrrr! ")
Keep my eyes open and the case closed
No eyewitnesses, no names or expos!
Just the heavyset one with the big gun
And a sweet tongue shakin down everyone.
Loot like Michael Jackson kicks like Bo Jackson
Benz like Freddie Jackson. - No need to ask in the crew!
Oooh! - No frontin', no fakin' moves
Fightin' or fuckin'. - Resort to the stick and move. ("Paaaapeerrrr! ")
Smack the fool that disagree, recognize the pedigree
Rhyme is mine cause I said it's me!
Step to a Big Man grippin the mic stand
Keep a bankroll and so do 50 Gran'.
And - I give you my hand cause you deserve a pound
Tryna blow up the spot - in my part of town.
Braves, because you get no praise
I teach you like a {CENSORED} did the A's. ("Paaaapeerrrr! ")
Recognize, I don't fuck with the St. Ides
B.I.G. down with "O.G.B."
"Old Gold Brothers" for the others that missed me
The crew stay deep on Bedford and Quincy.
Rhymes in the pocket for a quick hand to hand,
You want it to be on, there's a Tec in the garbage can!
I pull bitches like Kim Fields, Brooke Shields
Shelley Long, Connie Chung. - I can go on and on! ("Paaaapeerrrr! ")
Word is bond I'm a don!
I split 'em and run up in 'em I fuck 'em and then I duck 'em.
I hit 'em in the shitter and forget her!
And it gets better! - B.I.G. - are the letters! Niggaz know the pedi'...

That's the end!
What you want me to do?
DAMN!