The Notorius B.I.G
Notorious
2009)
(Yo Bigs man, what's wrong man? You look like you got problems, man!)
Ayo man!
Pssh, man...
It's this fuckin' BITCH man!
Shit I know I ain't 'sposed to have no feelings for these hoes out here man, but...
This bitch on the back of my mind man! (word?)
Yeah man!
Done wrote a rhyme 'bout the bitch man! (Let me hear it!)
Want me to drop the drama kid? (Yeah!) 

Yeah, dedicatin this to you man
Cause my man 50 Gran' told me straight up and down man
I ain't 'sposed to love no ho!
Knahmsayin'?
I tried to tell her 50!
I got three rules in life!
I'm not to be played with... played on or played out!
I'm a drop it like dis!

Lyin' in my bed. - I'm lookin' at four walls
Echo in my head sayin I got a lot of gall.
Grippin my cap, my pen in my teeth
Thinkin' what this ho said, she called me a: "Thief"!
She said I stole her heart. - And didn't leave a trace
I told her I was sorry and she said get out my face.
Walked out my door with my Walkman in my pocket
Playin' +Love Is A House+! -Aand thinkin' how she jocked it.
When she had the key - to open up my door
Adore - that Prince scam that got me on the floor.
I know that she loved me, I couldn't ever fake it,
I say: "Go buy a pie! " - The girl would go bake it.
Makin' a record was important to me
More important than her that's what made her flee, see?
The mistake was not payin' no mind
All her posse said we was two of a kind.
I call her back twice. - Your sister said you're broke
She said: "When you left, your ears was full of smoke! "
Chokin' on a cigarette you don't even smoke
Jumped in the train station put in a token.
Coulda been my partner, my amigo my peer,
Just waitin for them three words that all girls wanna hear.
"I love you! " HUH! - You would start to cry if
I would reply with I-L-Y!
Then I tell your friends - that you played me out
Said I wouldn't say: "I love you! " Just to make you shout!
So I, call up 7 digits that would pick up your phone,
Your sister picked it up and said that you wasn't home.
I heard you in the back cryin' up a storm
Screamin how you wish that I never was born.
"I hate him! I hate him! " That's what she kept sayin'
She'll come to her senses is what I kept prayin'.
But now I'm gonna lay the cards on the line,
Just say that you hate me! - Or say that you're mine!
I said: "When I played ball you was in the stands!
When I was sick, you held my hand!
It was hard to say before, but now I can
Bitch I love no ho! - FUCK YA! "

I don't give a fuck about'cha
Take a long walk off a short peer bitch!
Try to take bankrolls...
Bum bitches outta here 50, man!
Now check it!

Come to my crib she say: "B.I.G. listen!
I don't like the way you been dissin'!
Feel like I been kissin other bitches cause my lips feel chapped
I tell you it's on the blunts, you ain't tryna hear that! "
Now I'm Henny'd like a fuck? - What's the riff?
Who I'm sleepin with? - I ain't got the time to shoot the gift
To hoes, I'm tryin to take bankroll.
I ain't fuckin' nobody. - Case closed!
You hit the lights and decide to doze off,
No kiss goodnight, didn't take your clothes off.
And my dick is harder than a rock,
Nobody to cockblock but you's a hardrock!
The fuck you think I am, gay?
I ain't got no time to play I ain't got nuttin' to say.
Bounce out the crib! - Just to see my man, 50
And what's up with B.I.G.
And the O.G.B.! - You know they keep plenty hookers!
And I ain't a bad looker.
So I see one ho that I like yeah, oooh!
Shit is cool! (Dude: Trust no hoes! - All they want is bankroll!)

That's what I'm tryna tell you now, baby! 
My man 50 done schooled me to all y'all hookers, knahmsayin?
I ain't lame to this!
Can't spell game without me, the B.I.G.!