Nas
Untitled
2008)
They said this day would never come... 
They SAID, our sights were set too high. 
This country is too divided; too disillusioned 
to ever come together around a common purpose. They said..."


("Although it seems heaven-sent, we ain't ready, to have a black president" - )


Yes we can...change the world...
{CHANGE THE WORLD...}


("Although it seems heaven-sent, we ain't ready, to have a black president" - ) 
Yes we can...change the world...
(The world, the world, the WORLD...)


They forgot us on the block, got us in the box
Solitary confinement, how violent are these cops?
They need a early retirement 
How many rallies will I watch? I ain't got it in me to march
I got a Semi to spark, the game's in a drought
Public housing, projects, cookin up in the Pyrex
My set, my clique, either gettin money
or runnin from homicide trail, that's if they ain't died yet
Tryna be rich, STILL I'm pledging allegiance
A predicate felon, a ghetto leader
Lendin my poetical genius, to who-EVER may need it 
I BLEED this from Queensbridge, now living with my feet up
Never defeated, so a president's needed
You know these colored folks and Negros hate to see
one of they own succeeding
America, surprise us, and let a black man guide us


("Although it seems heaven-sent, we ain't ready, to have a black president" - )


Yes we can...change the world...
{CHANGE THE WORLD...}




What's the black pres' thinkin on election night?
Is it, "How can I protect my life? Protect my wife? Protect my rights?"
Every other president was nuttin' less than white
'cept Thomas Jefferson and mixed Indian blood and Calvin Coolidge
KKK is like, "What the fuck?!", loadin they guns up
Loadin up mines too, ready to ride
'Cause I'm ridin with my crew - he dies, we die too
Yeah, but on the positive side
I think Obama provides hope, and challenges minds
of all races and colors to erase the hate
and try to LOVE one another; so many political snakes
We in need of a break, I'm thinkin I can TRUST this brotha
...but will he keep it way real?
Every innocent nigga in jail, gets out on appeal
When he wins, will he really care still?
I feel...


("Although it seems heaven-sent, we ain't ready, to have a black president" - )


Yes we can...change the world...
{CHANGE THE WORLD...}




Say a prayer for "Do we have to?"
You ain't right, Jeremiah Wrong pastor
in love with a slave master
Sincerely yours, USA's most brave rapper
Jesse carjacker, Uncle TOm kidnapper
Ask around, Bently Coupe off the Richter
Bitch called Life, I pimped her, WHAT?
Politics, politricks, Klan shooter
Deacon for defense, progress producer
Nothing on the stove, a survival booster
Gotta DO what we gotta DO
We ain't got no governors comin through to help!
Anything we need done, gotta do for self
New, improved JFK on the way
It ain't the 60s' again, niggas ain't hippies again
We ain't fallin for the same traps 
Standin on the balconies, where they shot the King at
McCain got apoligies, ain't nobody hearin that
People need HONESTY!


("Although it seems heaven-sent, we ain't ready, to have a black president" - )


Yes we can...change the world...
{CHANGE THE WORLD...}




It is my distinct honor, and privilege to introduce
the next President of the United States - Barack Obama