The Notorius B.I.G
Notorious
2009)
The Commission
Uncle Paulie, Big Ditti
Caesar Leo DeGenero (yeah)
Charlie Baltimore, Iceberg Slim
The most shadiest, Frank Baby
We here (do you know what beef is?)
We ain't going nowhere (do you know what beef is?)
Uh-uh (ask yourself, do you know what beef is?)
Uh-uh, uhh
Ha ha ha ha ha, check out this bizarre
rapper style used by me, the B.I.G.
I put my key, you put your key in, money we'll be seeing
Will reach the fucking ceiling, check, check it
My Calico been cocked (uh-huh) this rap Alfred Hitchcock
drop top notch player hating won't stop (uhh)
This instant rappers too persistant
Quick to spit Biggie name on shit, make my name taste
like ass when you speak it, see me in the street
your jewelry you can keep it, that'll be our little secret
See me, B that is, I that is, G whiz
Motherfuckers still in my biz
Don't they know my nigga Gutter fucking kidnip kids? (uhh)
Fuck 'em in the ass, throw 'em over the bridge (ooh)
That's how it is, my shit is laid out (what)
Fuck that beef shit, that shit is played out (played out)
You all got to go, all I make is one phone call
All you disappear by tomorrow
All your guns is borrowed, I don't feel sorrow
Actually, your man passed the gat to me, now check this
What's beef? Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be an ICU, one more time
What's beef? Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be an ICU, check it
I done smoked with the best of em (uh-huh) shot at the rest of 'em (uh-huh)
Was about a hundred or more, maybe less of 'em
Got my rocks off, that nigga from the Brook just be
whylin on you just be, styling on you (you're so crazy)
When I tried to warn you what your eyes fucked up
Now I cleared them shits with hits, you wanna fucking bitch (mmm)
Pardon my French but ah, sometimes I get kinda
peeved at these, weak MC's (don't stop)
with the supreme baller like,
lyrics I call 'em like I see 'em G
You all niggas sound like me (yeah)
You all was grimy in the early nineties, far behind me
It ain't hard to find me number one with the booyaka (booyaka)
Gimme the Remi and the chronic ain't no telling what I do to you (I do to you)
It's obvious the game's new to you (new to you)
Take them ends you make (ehehe)
and spend 'em on a tutor hah, one shot, I'm through with you
What's beef? Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep (don't sleep)
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets (ain't safe)
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be an ICU (I see you) one more time
What's beef? (What's beef) Beef is when you make your enemies start your
Jeep (Start my Jeep)
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep (thirty deep)
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be an ICU, check it (I see you)
There'll be nothing but smooth sailing (sailing)
When I spit shots, now your crew's bailing (bailing)
All I got is heat and tough talk for you (uh-huh)
Tie you up, cut your balls off just to use (ooh)
Man listen straight torture, look what that slick shit bought you
A first class ticket to Lucife, real name Cristopher
Watch me set it off like Vivica
Here lies your demise, close your eyes (uh-huh)
Think good thoughts, die while your skin start to glisten
Pale blue hands get cold, your soul's risen
It's bad cause I just begun, we'll make the real bad
now we're having fun (aha ha!)
What's beef? (What's beef?) Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep
(Don't sleep)
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets (ain't safe)
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be an ICU, one more time (I see you)
What's beef? (What's beef?) Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep
(Start my Jeep)
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep (thirty deep)
Beef is when I see you (I see you)
Guaranteed to be an ICU, and I'm through
(Yeah, and I'm through)
Uhhh, uhhh
It's like that
(Now ask yourself, do you really, know what beef is?)
Like that
(Then ask yourself)
Uhh
(Do you really, want beef?)
Like that, like that 
(Ahahaha! Yeah, I like that)
(Big Nash, hit me baby, on and on and on and on)
(Bad Boy)
(You all know what it is)
(Shit, I don't want no beef, aha!)