A Tribe Called Quest
Beats Rhymes and Life
1996)
One, two, what'cha wanna do
Three, four, cuz we're gonna give you more
Five, six, and we ain't the tricks
Seven, eight, and we got it straight
Nine, ten, cuz we make it blend
Eleven, twelve, never ever goin for self
Tribe Called Quest situation
Check it out


Power. People really get caught with this on different levels 
Power controls your life
Money. The companion of the first. Some people tend to worship
And we know this ain't right.


Attitude(attitude) is how I get my point across. 
You can't call yourself an MC if you know that you're soft.
Agressive...is how the stage is approached. I burn MCs like toast
Cuz I'm the host with the most.


Illin(illin) is what you do when you're assin.
Whether it be you or all up in your past and...
Cashin...done turned your people corrupt
It's six o'clock, girl, you gotta get your weight up


Sex(sex). Either a man or a woman. 
This agenda, but when lovers get down
Froggin. When niggaz try to play roles
But when they really need to put that shit background


Miserable(miserable) is what your whole crew will be
If you're not original and you show no strategy
Heavenly...is how the track tends to flow
And if you don't know, tell  em diggy said so


We livin this cuz it's deep in our bones
A Tribe Called Quest with this hip hop jones
So sit and analyze the lyrical spray
Cuz all it really is is word play(word play)(word)


Willie. That's what I kick to get this Millie on a lilly
Now, I'm packin dimes like Chilli
Stress(stress). That's what I always go through
Cuz it's survival of the fittest on the 192


Knowledge. When the mind accept facts 
On this plane of livin, knowledge be the key, black
Understanding. Gettin a grip on what's revealed
When shit be real, can't give understanding back


Analyze. That's what I do to MCs
That be talkin  bout they this and that, money please
Ego. I'm on my own jock skill
Cuz if I don't say I'm the best, tell me who the hell will


Cheeba smoke y'all. That's what I use to get high
When I'm in a rut and I don't know why
Try. Yo try again my friend
Cuz you can't see this MC representin Linden


Freestyle(freestyle). A true MC trait
And when you do it ill, niggaz respect it as great
Yo, I gotta...


We livin this cuz it's deep in our bones
A Tribe Called Quest with the hip hop jones
So sit and analyze the lyrical spray
Cuz all it really is is word play(word play)