Busta Rhymes
Genesis
2001)
Yea, I know it's kinda cold outside 
Bring your nasty ass inside 
("Eddie you should know better.." - )
Play yourself a dark corner motherfucker, yea
("Brother, you know you're wrong.." - )

Come on, can't stop, won't stop, rockin' for you niggas
'Cause I rep the street and Johnnie Cochran for you niggas
And I, got a state gun cockin' for you niggas 
(twenty-one) legal (gun) shots 


Poppin' for you niggas
And I, blow tones, more force than cyclones 
Shit is on everytime I catch a Ron Jones
Thug bitch, rock boots and hoops with rhinestones
(Got the) key (to the) city and (run the crime zone)


Now come on, take something, shake something, break something 
Stop, close your shop, you niggas ain't sayin' nothin' 
Niggas be frontin' and knowin' they ain't really weighin' nothin'
Betta (stop) 'fore we (pop) and really (get to sprayin' something)

 Flood it up
 Whip it up
 Smoke it up
 Blooded up, 
Niggas straight tryin' to brake, I tell 'em shut it up, 
I spit the ill for real, ain't nothin' buttered up, 
(Flipmode) doin' it (everybody) love it up


East coast, what up? West coast, what up?
Midwest, what up? Dirty South, what up?
All my chickenheads, put it in your mouth,
It's Flipmode, better stay up in your house
All my thugs, what up? Thug bitches, what up?
Street niggas, what up? Stack riches, no doubt
We got the block locked take another route,
It's Flipmode, better stay up in your house
My niggas HOOK


Dirtiest, wordiest, Jersey it's wetter than a mile
I stalk like pedophiles, no body get's saved when I bless the child 
Gettin' (eight) like (snapper) you too fessed to vow

 Hold up
 Run on
 Get up
 Come on


Ahhooo!
And put every single nigga where I'm from on
(Bitches) all in the (spot) go head (and get your) fun on
(Niggas keepin' it) movin' (go head) and get your (thug on)


(What on) earth possesed y'all to try a lil' (drunk) lil' (high)
Big heads in the sky make (niggas) straight (cry)
Without Mo' and Dry, take it down (homeboy) got bigger fish to fry
Fuck that (Other nigga) Rush that (sucker nigga) 


Niggas love the way we sound up on another Digga
(Hot D) but I got another younger brother bigger
(Digga) pass me the Henny so I can take another swigger




Switch it up like Ak-Nel
Why you hit a dry spell, 
Cats like you get no reply on the Skytel
(Hate y'all) Raps like Eminem hate Britney
(Bonafide) MC (Who) fuckin' with me?


Top niggas better give props nigga 
('Fore you get dropped) fuck around and get your shit popped nigga,
Flip-flop niggas, you could (really get your shit mopped) 
Or left to lay up in a pit stop nigga

 Spillin' it
 Feelin' it
 Killin' it
 Come on!


The hardest MC don't want flex no more
(Make it hot) everytime I rock, rest assured 
Shit'll have that (who could rock) the raw best award, nigga

 Look it up
 Cook it up
 Shook it up
 Book it up


When we (rock) you shouldn't watch (promoters) nook it up
(Raise the level a little) you know (my niggas) took it up
(In and outta big) figgas while me and (Digga) cook it up