Dr. Dre
2001
1999)
La-da-da-da-dahh
 It's the motherfucking D-O-double-G, Snoop Dogg!
 It's the one and only D-O-double-G, Snoop Dogg!
La-da-da-da-dahh
You know I'm mobbin' with the D.R.E.
Yeah, yeah, yeah
You know who's back up in this motherfucker!
What what what what?
So blaze the weed up then!
Blaze it up, blaze it up!
Just blaze that shit up nigga, yeah, 'sup Snoop?
Top Dogg, bite 'em all, nigga burn the shit up
D-P-G-C my nigga turn that shit up
C-P-T, L-B-C, yeah we hookin' back up
And when they bang this in the club baby you got to get up
Thug niggas drug dealers yeah they givin' it up
Lowlife, yo' life, boy we livin' it up
Takin' chances while we dancin' in the party for sure
Slip my hoe a forty-fo' and she got in the back do'
Bitches lookin' at me strange but you know I don't care
Step up in this motherfucker just a-swangin' my hair
Bitch quit talkin', crip walk if you down with the set
Take a bullet with some dick and take this dope from this jet
Out of town, put it down for the Father of Rap
And if yo' ass get cracked, bitch shut yo' trap
Come back, get back, that's the part of success
If you believe in the X you'll be relievin' your stress
 La-da-da-da-dahh
 It's the motherfuckin' D.R.E., Dr. Dre motherfucker!
 La-da-da-da-dahhh
 You know I'm mobbin' with the D-O-double-G

Straight off the fuckin' streets of C-P-T
King of the beats you ride to em in your Fleet, Fleetwood
Or Coupe DeVille rollin' on dubs
How you feelin' whoopty whoop nigga what?
Dre and Snoop chronicled out in the 'llac
With Doc in the back, sippin' on 'gnac, yeah
Clip in the strap, dippin' through hoods. What hoods?
Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood!
South Central out to the Westside, wessyde
It's California Love, this California bud got a nigga gang of pub
I'm on one, I might bail up in the Century Club
With my jeans on, and my team strong
Get my drink on, and my smoke on
Then go home with, something to poke on. What's up bitch?
Loc it's on for the two-triple-oh
Comin' real, it's the next episode...

Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be thinkin' we soft
We don't, play
We gonna' rock it 'til the wheels fall off
Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be actin' too bold
Take a, seat
Hope you ready for the next episode
HeyyyeyyyeEYEYyyyEYYYY....
.... smoke weed everyday!