Lil Wayne
Dedication 3
2008)
I gotta bitch named keisha she a real dick pleasa.
But shawty from cuba still workin on her visa.
Her girlfriend lisa met her in porta rica.
How she dont suck dick but expect for me to eat her.?
That hoe crazy man and you dont wanna meet her.
But her home girl nita swallow cum by the liter.
She look good in boyshorts and a beater.
But this other girl quita way sexier den nita.
I aint lyin she da...
Hottest bitch heatah...
But ima fukkin freezah...
Yea ima fukkin leave her...
Yea ima fukkin eagle...
Flyya and deepa...
Smoke like a coheba...
Ya hoe gimme cerebral...
Now get low and touch ya toes for my people.
An if you aint fukkin them then you aint fukkin me either.
Ya think ya man hot well fukk it me ether.
Heard I got gwap wanna kick it like f.i.f.a.
Everyday christmas cause im smokin that reefa.
Keep alotta bitches like queen latifah.
I am southern land not keifer.
Y-M-E fa...
Young money entertainment...
Run dummy finna bang it.
You want beef then my money wil arrange it.
I am not fukkin fina aim it.
But dat nina raw shout for me when im angry.
Yeah hollygrove beeyaatch.
Sloppy like joe ya bettah go get G.I.
All my guns knee high...
M-o-n-e-y...
Thats what I re-ly...on...im gone.
He high yup im 3high.
Im jus schoolin these fukks like de-vry.
College institution...
Violence and confusion...
Stop with your excuses...
Hip-hop I am seducin...
Eat ya like prodcers.
Eat ya like produce.
Man I fukk ya girl till her pussy got no juice.
Now she cant produce.
So you wont be needin that baby.
Cause all you really need is weezy f. baby.


Aiight lemme vent for a minute...see the problem I got with the game is...
Theres no gate keepers in hiphop!...whose lettin these wack niggas in?...
I mean can somebody please put a combination lock on the door?...
And stop givin out the code!...got damn!

...hey millz show em how its done!


I know a chick named tanya from around the way.
She used to go to catholic school back in the day.
Now she strippin in Sue's for a stack a day.
But she bring it all to daddy so thats okay.
I gotta bitch name lola.
True dick smokah.
Part-time broker.
Late nite she work at strokers.
Her cousin name mocha got an insane spine.
An its crazy cause I fukked em both at the same time.
I even gotta bitch in the bay named jessica.
I swear she might give the best mouth in america.
Vanessa gotta attitude but her ass mean.
She remind me of this hoe I used to fukk named sabrina.
Ugly lil thang from the home of the ravens.
I only kept her round cause her ass was amazin.
Tiffany and emily my bonifed sluts.
When I cum they touch tounges and share dat nut.
Gotta white chick down in florida name sasha.
On my momma her head golden like an oscar.
And I met her thru tasha.
At the condo she let me fukk her on the washa.
September nigga so you kno he nasty.
And if she nasty we do the nasty.
Nah I tell a bitch like this.
You gotta take like 10 dicks.
Before you meet the president.
Young money.

(Gangsta Grillz You Bastard!)


I kno this one hunny.
I call her trackstar cause when we fukk she run from me.
And im hella fly and her dude dum bummy.
And I dont get girls I make her get one for me.
My weed real clummy and real gummy.
And my flow is harder then an anvil hunny.
Shoot these niggas wit the hand held hunny.
I paper chase fukk stand still money.
Niggas kill wit me and kill for me.
Best believe we ridin if the fan belt runnin.
Leave a muthafukka jus layin there bloody.
Im from the dirty and I make it rain damn thats muddy.
She just wanna be my cutty buddy.
And on these tracks I go nutty buddy.
What it dizzle.?
Iz you or iz you aint...my...fate.?