Lil Wayne
Tha Carter
2004)
Hoes! Lets just talk about Hoes!
Can we talk about Hooooooeeeeesss Hooooooeeeeesss!


 "Lets Go"


You got to talk like a pimp whats good mommee
you knew betta you threw betta who betta than
that nigga with the crisp. White tee icy white
sneaks jeans to a betta you do betta gettin yo ass
out off up in that coupe bitch. See yo ass on that new
leather and recupe bitch. Its only me you bitch on
our way to the stoop. I'm that birdman junior you ain't
know and don't give me that silly bullshit about you ain't
hoe. I move ya to my city put yo ass in ya 1-0. I have ya
lookin pretty at the half knock at the do. And gucci don't
fit you like it's suppose to be in pictures, I computer love
baby Wayne ya change your image. You need Weezy them other
boys just gimics. Me I'm just game, green and straight physics
is you wit it (Yeah)I ain't even tryin to hit it. I ma get it
once its time to get it. Lets talk about




I got this rat name Shelly dat loves Makaveli
Number 5 combo meals its bad she K-Y jelly. Our
old school shorty still drinkin 40's. Grab the mic
start a fight,fuck up the whole party. Maybe you
should leave, just yo weave thats velcro hell no bitch
go wit Steve. Got this lead singer bitch from a popular
group I would say her name but she bought me a coupe. Got
this poor hoe Shonna swear like Marijuana she dig lil wayne
but she love the big tymers. Got pretty gurl Patrice found out
Im fuckin her niece she tried to stab her so I grab her and we
call the police. Mr. Officer, dat bitch den lost it bra she goin
to jail oh well, I be fuckin her. See two dykes, spanish twins nuts
press on they chin, will we go belly low well nigga that depends




I got old school bitches and new school hoes
female basketball players with cornroles and i'on
like short haired girls no not really if I do she got to
look like the old halle berry or the broke toni braxton
or first lil kim but i still take hood rats and work with
them. I put yo ass in a jag and I got jerk ya quick. Give ya ass
a lil game if you smerk you in. I am pimp not a simp like ice in
my drink and I don't think twice or blink cuz Im focus rollin in
the whitest mink like im polar bear yeah let down my hair Get jazzy
on a bitch like Fred Astaire rose gold in her face get'em red as glare
My bentley plum my mercedes pear. I am lookin for a freak momma take me
there Yeah