Lil Wayne
Sorry 4 The Wait 2
2015)
(Juice 808)
Look what you made me do
Me! That's who
I'm sorry for the wait, I'm sorry for the wait (tell 'em)
Tha Carter gon' be late so I cooked up a tape (tell 'em!)
The garden's full of snakes so I had to escape
Lil homie gon' be straight, lil homie gon' be straight!

Woo! Oww
And this that Sorry 4 The Wait 2
Yeah, and I'm sorry for the wait too
I told myself to save yourself cause I can't save you
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
Fuck it, this that Sorry 4 The Wait 2
I ain't trippin; I got Barbie, I got Drake too
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
Then they come through and sit it on my coffee table
Boop

Who kept this shit together? Nigga, me, that's who
Who was there when niggas left us? Nigga, me, that's who
Cash Money is a army, I'm a one man army
And if them niggas coming for me, I'm going out like Tony
(Bap-bap-bap-bap)
Now I don't want no problems, I just want my money
Ain't gotta hold no conversation, nor my luggage
Tell whoever's countin' that I'm on a hundred
Woo, Birdman Jr. - more like Ugly Duckling

Takin' over, now I'm takin over
Think it over? Bitch, I'm thinkin' forward
I'm sippin' lean out a glass, nigga
All I got is Young Money, no more Cash, nigga

And this that Sorry 4 The Wait 2
No more am I my brother's keeper - Cain and Abel
Young Money sharp, I'm still eatin', I just chipped my tooth
Tell them niggas no love lost, cause I ain't got shit to lose
I told myself to save yourself cause I can't save you
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
I found the needle in the haystack, put the thread through
I tried to stitch the wound back up, but I just bled through

Yeah, it's compensation over conversation
(Money talks)
Lord I must got blurry vision, a nigga's got two faces
Lord, this game is a vampire
Blood, you gotta protect your neck
It'll suck you dry like raisins, Lord
But fuck that, nigga
Got it drawn out
Fuck that nigga, I'm a ball out
The day you met me is the day Hell froze
On the day I left is when it thawed out
I'm still in the buildin', I just had to knock a couple walls down
Had to kick y'all out
Life is a movie
But sometimes a nigga get too tired of watchin' and walk out

Takin' over, Lord I'm takin' over
Dropped the Sorry 4 The Wait until the wait is over
Sippin' lean out a flask, nigga
And all I do is smoke, fuck, and thrash, nigga!

And this that Sorry 4 The Wait 2
Fuck these haters, throw your board up if you skate too
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
Then they come through and sit it on my coffee table
Tunechi - niggas don't appreciate you
You've been down since day one, it meant nothin' on day two
Sometimes the truth is hard to swallow, and to say, too
But I graduated from that bullshit, now I hate school

And now I'm takin' over, now I'm takin' over
The old me dead and gone, that's who I'm prayin' over
Might have to go back to slangin' yola 'til the wait is over
If so, then I got bakin' soda, I got bakin' soda...