Lil Wayne
Tha Carter III
2008)
I feel big, you know what I mean
Like not, not big in the sense of weight
You know what I mean like gaining weight
Or nothin' like that, like colossal
Know what I mean like, uhhh (sigh)
I heard you were lookin' for me?

(Hey Mr. Carter) Hello
(Tell me where have you been?) Eheh, you know
('Cause they've been asking, they've been searching)
They've been wondering why?) I know, eheh
(Hey Mr. Carter) Hey, Hello
(Tell me where have you been?) Shit, you know
('Cause they've been asking, they've been searching)
They've been wondering why?) Hahaha

Yeah
To you forever, from me to you
I heard somebody say "Judge!" I'm need a suit
I'm gonna need a Coupe, I won't need a roof
Flyer then Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice
I got the flow, I'm tryna see the roof
Didn't wear a bulletproof, so I got shot and you can see the proof
Blind eyes could look at me and see the truth
Wonder if Stevie do? But I'm gonna leave it to
God, not Beaver, neither you
'Cause I'm gonna murder, "Y" kill "O" and even "U"
Man, I got Summer hatin' on me 'cause I'm hotter then the sun
Got spring hatin' on me 'cause I ain't never sprung
Winter hatin' on me 'cause I'm colder than you all
And I will never, I will never, I will never fall
I'm being hated by the seasons
So fuck you all who hatin' for no reason

(Hey Mr. Carter) I am him!
(Tell me where have you been?) Around the world and I'm back again!
('Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me?
They've been wondering why?) In case you wonderin'! Hah!
(Hey Mr. Carter) I am him!
(Tell me where have you been?) Around the world now I'm back again!
('Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me?
They've been wondering why?) In case you wonderin'! Ha

Yeah
I been in and out the bank bitch
While you all asshole niggas been on the same shit
I flush 'em, and watch 'em go down the drain quick
Two words you never hear "Wayne Quit!"
'Cause Wayne win, and they lose
I call 'em April babies, 'cause they're fools
And when they snooze, we up!
Feet up like a, Parap-liguck
Or, paraplegic? I parallel park
In that red and yellow thing, old school Atlanta Hawk
Like I'm from Colli' Park, but I'm from Holleygrove
Now all my bloods scream "Zoowoo and Dadda-do!"
I know my role, and I play it well
And I weigh it well, on my libra scale
I suck a pussy, fuck a pussy, leave it there
Long hair, I don't even care

Young!
(Hey Mr. Carter) I am him!
(Tell me where have you been?) Around the world now I'm back again!
('Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me?
They've been wondering why?) In case you wonderin'!
(Hey Mr. Carter) I am him!
(Tell me where have you been?) Around the world now I'm back again!
('Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me?
They've been wondering why?) In case you wonderin'!

Shyea
I'm right here, in my chair
With my crown and my dear
Queen B, as I share
Mic time with my heir
Young Carter, go farther
Go further, go harder
Is that not why we came?
And if not, then why bother?
Show no mercy in Murciélaga's
Far from being the bastard that Marcy had fathered
Now my name's been mentioned with the Martyrs
The Biggie's and the Pac's, and the Marley's and the Marcus'
Garvey, got me a Molotov cocktail
Flow, even if you box well, can't stop the blows
Kaboom! The Roc Boy in the room
The Dopebwoyy just came off the spoon
Also, I'm so fly I'm on auto-
Pilot, where guys just, stare at my wardrobe
I see euros, that's right, plural
I took so much change from this rap game it's your go
Young!
(Hey Mr. Carter)

It's my go, yeah
And I'm gonna go so opposite of soft
Off the Richter, heckter
The Macho Man Randy Savage, far from average
Above Satus-Quo
Flow, so, pro
I know, I ride slow and when I pass
They say "What's up killer man?" Stop bringing up my past
And next time you mention Pac, Biggie, or Jay-Z
Don't forget Weezy Baby!

(Hey Mr. Carter) Amen
(Tell me where have you been?) Yeah
('Cause they've been asking, they've been searching)
They've been wondering why?) Haha
(Hey Mr. Carter) Amen
(Tell me where have you been?) Hova!
('Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Weezy
They've been wondering why?) Baby!
(Choir ‒ Fade to finish)
(Hey Mr. Carter) Hahaha
(Tell me where have you been?) I been hustlin'
('Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Hustlin' hard
They've been wondering why?) Chyeaa

And I swear to everything, when I leave this earth
It's gonna be on both feet, never knees in this dirt
And you can try me, fucker, but when I squeeze it hurt
Ah, we'll lose two lives, yours and mine
Gimme any amount of time, don't let Miss Carter grieve
At the Funeral Parlor, drippin' tears down my sleeve
Gimme any amount of time, don't let Miss Carter grieve...