Lil Wayne
I Am Not A Human Being II
2013)
I'm in the crib butt naked bitch
She said my dick could be the next black president
Americans hate the I'm American
Medicine, I treat it like peppermints
Uh, I'm in the ocean getting shark pussy
Shoot you in ya fuckin' mouth and make you talk to me
Sometimes I need someone to talk to
Cause I Am Not A Human Being... Part Two
Getting paid, show money for walkthroughs
Lettin' all these hoes ride my dick, car pools
My bars passed the bar exam, no law school
Cash Money Army, veteran with my war wounds
Uh, whatcha man doing?
I pop his muthafuckin' top like a canned good
And all my niggas that I roll with are hella armed
And last night I took a transformer
And had a dream that my dick turned to Megatron
But my girl, was sleeping with Decepticons
Money talks man and mine talk lecture long
P-U-S-S-Y... my second home
I be grindin' on them hoes like a half pipe
She say "Tunechi you the shit, you need your ass wiped"
I say "Before you gas me up, check the gas price"
Then I make her take this dick like advice
She see-saw it, she suck it and enjoy it
I stick it in her ass like some fucking steroids
Jose Canseco, make no mistake
Like a white boy wearing black paint
You're a fake ass nigga
Break pads nigga... wait
You ain't in my weight class nigga
Lookin' for the muthafuckin' man in the mirror
Runnin' this shit like a faucet... Farrah
Barra... cuda, who the fuck you are?
I can make ya bitch root for me like I grew her
Bodies in the sewer, tampons in manure
90 billions bitches on my dick like a skewer
That's swag, I'm a True Blood, bitch no fangs
Been went pro, now I'm going propane
Tell the bitch get off me, bitch get off me
I got her over here blowing me like coffee
Decaffeinated, hand me that paper like I graduated
And I get head while it's decapitated
Think it's a game nigga come play
I'm with my killer bees, fuck bug spray
Yeah, Young Money so gangsta, I personally know strangers
It's so strange but this girl named Dana, like to go anal
Shoot 'em in his head, what's that? A no brainer
Plain ol' nigga, but a break from the norm
I wear my heart on my sleeve so don't be breakin' my arm
I rather ring ya fuckin' neck before I ring the alarm
I dream to meet a serial killer that'll bring me alone
Wit 'em, I gotta hit 'em like redbones with long hair
Fuck with me, ya ass is grass... get a lawn chair
I was fucking before my dick started growin' hair
Bitches sweatin' me like John Mayer, or warm air
Man, nuts and bananas
You know how the tables turn, where are your table manners?
If you fake, put a egg in ya shoe and scramble
No rubber... I just fucked this piano
Nigga