Lil Wayne
Tha Carter II
2005)
Yeah... ma gurl get in at 1:15 am
The guitar's crying right now
Just a couple things going on in my life, you know


Brim leaning, cup tilted, blunt flicking
Get money, fuck bitches
Young Weezy, young pimping, she love it
I keep going, she keep cumin, what you know bout it
So bout it...like Master P... but no coward
No I am no Howard the duck duck
Lead showers, black flowers
Black dresses, two hours, closed casket
Ma dough tactics is so crafty
No laughter, I do that after I get the dough bastards
I get the dough faster, what if I flowed faster
Like... oh Nancy the flow's plastic, automatic, I'm
More drastic, ain't no names compared to me
Who are you, where are ya, I can't see, ya air to me
Ya not there to me, I ain't fucking wit you bitch niggaz
I'm fucking ya sis nigga, it's Weezy


If you gon' call him Weezy
Then you must say the baby
If you don't say the baby
Then just don't say it at all


I'm... slick as an old mac, I'm... sick as a prozac
And... the Carter 1 was the... dick for you hoes trapped
And... this is Tha Carter 2 and... this is the bozack
Digging you hoes back, quick if I blow back
Got it... gone Rabbit
Fast ma daddy's Rabbit at home
What up pa (what up), what up Pac (what up), what up Pun (what up)
What up Big (what up), what up Solja
As the streets get colder I get chillier
What up Left Eye (what up), what up Aaliyah (what up)
Teck 9 close by touch 'em up
I shoot niggaz in the mouth boy pucker up
Sweet sucker tash gee golly what the fuck
Where the hell all these new pussy rappers come from
I chew 'em up like bubble gum... yum yum
Young Weezy so troublesome, what what


If you gon' call him Weezy
Then you must say the baby
If you don't say the baby
Then just don't say it at all


I ain't talking fast you just listening too slow
I'm... getting them Benjamins
Can serve like the Wimbledon
If I'm in any predicament, nervous never that
Got a gat to knock whoever back back, very flat
Chest... caved in, mess on the pavement
Splat... cherry wax, rrraaahhh... bury that
Rats... scary cat, rrraaattt carry that
Hollygrove trigga man guns in a knapsack
Area code five zero four, I ain't Nino fucking Brown
And... this is Tha Carter ho, this is a quarter stick
This in ya garter ho, leave out the back and go straight to the corner store
Return with the cake, come wit all ma dough
And if not they find you in a lake in the morning ho
Weezy Baby please say the baby
If not, don't ya motherfucking say it at all, bitch


If you gon' call him Weezy
Then you must say the baby
If you don't say the baby
Then just don't say it at all