Lil Wayne
Tha Carter IV
2011)
Uh
With everything happening today
You don't know whether you're coming or going
But you think that you're on your way
Life lined up on the mirror don't blow it, woo.
Look at me when I'm talking to you
You looking at me but I'm looking through you
I see the blood in your eyes
I see the love in disguise
I see the pain hidden in your pride
I see you're not satisfied
And I don't see nobody else
I see myself I'm looking at the...

Mirror on the wall ( Ooh), here we are again ( Yeah)
Through my rise and fall ( Uh)
You've been my only friend ( Yeah)
You told me that they can understand the man I am
So why are we here talkin' to each other again?

Uh, I see the truth in your lies
I see nobody by your side
But I'm with you when you are all alone
And you correct me when I'm looking wrong
I see the guilt beneath the shame
I see your soul through your window pane
I see the scars that remain
I see you Wayne, I'm looking at the...

Mirror on the wall, here we are again ( Yeah)
Through my rise and fall ( Uh-Huh)
You've been my only friend ( my only friend)
You told me that they can understand the man I am ( they can understand)
So why are we here ( misunderstood) talkin' to each other again?

Looking at me now I can see my past
Damn, I look just like my fucking dad
Light it up, that's smoke in mirrors
I even look good in the broken mirror
I see my mamma smile–that's a blessing
I see the change, I see the message
And no message could've been any clearer
So I'm startin' with the man in the...

Mirror on the wall,

MJ taught me that.

Here we are again
Through my rise and fall ( Uh)
You've been my only friend

Take 'em to Mars man

You told me that they can understand the man I am
So why are we talkin' to each other again?

Uh...

Mirror on the wall ( Ooh), here we are again ( Yeah)
Through my rise and fall
You've been my only friend ( Any questions?)
You told me that they can ( I come to you) understand the man I am ( You always have the answer)
So why are we here talkin' to each other again?

Mirror on the wall.

Ay, B.P.
Looks like I did take 'em to Mars this time

So why are we talking to each other again?