LL Cool J
Mama Said Knock You Out
1990)
Nah y'all nah y'all uh-uh
I ain't disrespecting though
I'm just saying it happen to me
It can happen to him
How you doing?
What's your name?
Uh, mmm, haha
Oh you're his girl


Hello my name is Mr. Goodbar
I'm came to offer champagne
Later on maybe I'll tell you my real name
But for now sip your drink and be merry
And be a nice girl and sing me a cherry
Me, I'll have a Kahlua and milk
Cause champagne always stains my silk
You got a man? That's something we will talk about
He's smart enough to have ya, but dumb enough to let ya out
I like ya Fendi bag your alligator shoes
Ya hairstyle and ya whole point of view
The way you lick your lips and stare
You tell me that's a habit hmmm yeah
Honey coated legs, with not one scar
The stylish wardrobe is up the par
Here's my number, call me in my car
You deserve a visit from Mr. Goodbar


So how long you been talking to him?
Word, nah he's cool with me, he's cool with me
Oh he loves you


Honey open up a bottle of brandy
Better yet have a piece of Cool J candy
And sweat the man with the master disaster
Break ya like plaster-plan and
The cards on the table and the deal is dealt
Uh, I'm in the mood for a tuna melt
And I can't make you, I sure wouldn't rape you
Feeling kinda mellow and I sure would hate to leave the job half-done (Nah!)
Cause at a time like this you're the one that I'm looking for,
crawling on the floor (WOOF!)
I'm coming back for more
If the Mona Lisa's name was Teresa
I'll get a piece-a of the Mona Lisa, then smoke a cigar
You deserve a visit from Mr. Goodbar


Yeah, so you be calling on the request line
Hahahaha oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh he's my man, word him too
Yeah I like Bobby Brown
Tell him he's cool but:


Don't be cruel cause you'll be on your own
It's my prerogative and my microphone
Come and get this ice-cream cone
Or I'll deliver it when your daddy ain't home
Grown and healthy that's how I like em
Big juicy legs and a nice pair of kegs
Hmmm, Mr. Good bar style
You haven't met a guy like me in a while
I jump out a cake, dance, play, shake I ain't got no Body by Jake
Smooth as Whitester extra dry Moetzer
Chandon and I'll slip it in your mouth like a Bon-Bon


YaknowhatI'msayin?
I'm Mr. Goodbar (Goodbar) yeah
So you know next time uh your man is out
Check my (???)
Nah, nah he's cool
But my girl oh I don't know your man might be with her uh
YaknowhatI'msayin?
But I'm with you, yeah Mr. Goodbar baby, uh
May I say may I say that outfit you got on
Is slammin', juicy lips so honey coated hmmm
Yo he never says that to you
He never gives you compliments
Yo he be giving you flowers baby
And telling you how much he cares for you
Does he hold you and caress you and give you affection
I didn't think so