N.W.A
N.W.A. And The Posse
1987)
It was once said by a man who couldn't quit.
"Dopeman, please, can I have another hit?"
The Dopeman said, "Cluck, I don't give a shit.
If your girl kneels down and sucks my dick!"
It all happened and the guy tried to choke her.
Nigga didn't care, she ain't nothing but a smoker.
That's the way it goes, that's the name of the game.
Young brother getting over by slangin' caine.
Gold around his neck n' 14 K heaven.
Bitches clockin on his dick, 24-7.
Plus he's makin' money keep the base heads waitin'.
Roll the '64 with the fresh-ass Daytons.
Livin' in Compton, California, CA.
His Uzi up your ass if he don't get paid.
Nigga begging for credit, he's knockin' out teeth.
Clockin' much dollars on the 1st and 15th.
Big wad of money, nothing less than a twenty.
Yo, you want a 5-0, the Dopeman got plenty.
To be a Dopeman, boy, you must qualify.
Don't get high, off your own supply.
From a ki to a G, it's all about money.
10-piece, 4-10, base pipe comes free.
If people out there not hip to the fact,
If you see somebody gettin' money for crack.
He's the...
Dopeman! Dopeman!
"Hey man, gimme a hit!"
Dopeman! Dopeman!
"Yo, man, fuck that shit!"
Dopeman! Dopeman!
"We just can't quit!"
Dopeman! Dopeman!
"Well suck this bitch!"
Wait a minute, wait a minute! Who the fuck are you talking to?
Do you know who the fuck I am? Man, I can't believe this shit.
This bitch is tryin' to gank me!
Yo I ought to slap you up side your head with 9 inches of limp dick!
You need a nigga with money, so you get a dopeman.
Juice that fool for as much as you can.
She likes his car and he gets with her.
Got a black-eye 'cause the Dopeman hit her.
Let that slide and you pay it no mind.
Find that he's slapping you, all the time!
But that's okay 'cause he's so rich,
And you ain't nothin' but a Dopeman's bitch.
Do what he say and you keep your mouth shut.
Poppin' that trash might get you fucked up.
We'll sit and cry if the Dopeman strikes you.
He don't give a fuck, he got 2 just like you.
There's a another girl in the Dopeman's life.
Not quite a bitch but far from a wife.
She's called The Strawberry and everybody know
"Strawberry! Strawberry! Is the neighborhood hoe".
Do anything for a hit or two.
Give the bitch a rock and she'll fuck the whole damn crew.
It might be your wife and it might make you sick.
Come home and see her mouth on the Dopeman's dick.
Strawberry, just look you'll see her.
But don't fuck around, she'll give you gonorrhea.
If people out there not hip to the fact
Strawberry is a girl selling pussy for crack to the...
Dopeman! Dopeman!
"Hey man, gimme a hit!"
Dopeman! Dopeman!
"Yo, man, fuck that shit!"
Dopeman! Dopeman!
In your face.
Yo Dre, kick in tha bass!
If ya smoke 'caine, you're a stupid motherfucker.
Known around the hood as the schoolyard clucka'.
Doin' that crack with all the money ya got.
On ya hands and knees, searching for a piece of rock.
Jonzin' for a hit, and ya lookin' for more.
Doug stole a Alpine outta Eazy's 64'.
Ya need ya ass whooped 'cause it's outta this Earth.
Can't get a 10-piece, need a dollar fifty's worth.
Knucklehead nigga, you turned into a crook.
But swear up and down, boy, that you ain't hooked.
You beat ya friend up and you whooped his ass long.
'Cause he hit the pipe till the rock was all gone.
You robbin' and stealin', bugging and illin'
While the Dopeman's dealin'.
What is killin' your pain? Cocaine? This shit's insane.
Yo, E, she's a berry, let's run a train!
Man, I wouldn't touch that bitch!
Me neither, hoe go home and wash out ya beaver.
And nigga's are out there, messing up people's health,
Yo, what the fuck you gotta say for yourself?
Well, I'm the Dopeman, yeah, boy wear corduroy.
Money up to here but unemployed.
You keep smoking that rock,
And my pocket's getting bigger.
Yo, got that 5-0, double-up nigga!
Yeah, high rollin', big money, I'm foldin
Bitch on my tip for the dick I'm holdin'.
Strong strawberry, jockin' me so early.
Hoe, ya wanna hit? Ya gotta get your knees dirty.
Well that's my life, that's how it's cut.
"Hey Dopeman!" Bitch shut the fuck up!
Gotta make a run, it's a big money deal.
Gankers got the fake but you can get the real from the...
Dopeman! Dopeman!
Yeah, that's me!
Dopeman! Dopeman!
Yo, can I get a G?
Dopeman! Dopeman!
Clock as much as he can
Fuck this shit, who am I?
The Dopeman!
Yo, Mr. Dopeman, you think your slick,
You sold crack to my sister and now she's sick.
But if she happens to die because of your drug,
I'm puttin' in your culo, a.38 slug!