Run-D.M.C.
Raising Hell
1986)
I seen you jockin J.C. cause he got a Mercedes
and you know about his ladies, and all his babies
You just wanna ride, and get inside
and run around town, like Bonnie'n'Clyde
But see the moves you're makin, the route you're takin
will lead to heartbreakin and I'm not mistaken
You like his money, you'll be his honey
Get the truth - no excuse - you're a great big dummy!
DUMB GIRL.. DUMB GIRL!


I wish I knew, why a girl like you 
wants to do all the things that you do
I know you want a man, but you should understand
that J.C. ain't D, you shouldn't be his fan
You're not this fine, you're out of your mind 
And I wrote this rhyme just for your kind
Don't be misled, remember what I said
The rhymes of rappers surely knock some sense in your head
DUMB GIRL.. DUMB GIRL!


(NOW..) Now you're the flyest girl, in the whole school
but they don't call you fly - they call you fool
Because you don't go to class, you will not pass
You like to go but you should slow because you're goin too fast
And I can tell that you're dumb when you walk in the place
Walkin round with your thumb cold stuck in your face
Always sinnin never winnin cause you're last in the race
You get high and tell a lie and think that makes you the ace
DUMB GIRL.. (stupid!)  THE GIRL IS..


Now you're a stupid sex fiend, with no will power (POWER)
Hit four guys in the bathroom at your last baby shower


All the guys call you fast (FAST) but I call you slow (SLOW)
Always sniffin or givin (GIVIN) somebody a blow (BLOW)
Givin every guy a try (TRY) at the wink of an eye (EYE)
There's somethin that you're missin, that money can't buy (BUY)
When it comes to love, you're even hated by Cupid (CUPID)
You're (silly) dilly (dumb) and you're JUST PLAIN STUPID!
DUMB GIRL.. (stupid!) DUMB GIRL!

.. the girl is ..


I hope you to listen to the words, that I speak
I'm not playin, what I'm sayin, can never be weak
You should use your brain, but you don't have one
And when it comes to sense you don't have none
YO YO you should know where I'm comin from
But you're just dumb (diddy) dumb (diddy diddy) DUMB DUMB!

 DUMB GIRL!
 Dumb with a capital D!
 DUMB GIRL!
 Stupid as can be, BREAKDOWN!

.. the girl is ..

DUMB GIRL!  DUMB GIRL!
.. the girl is dumb!