Slum Village
Fantastic, Vol. 2
2000)
Tell me if you want some and you can just, come on, baby
Tell me if you want some and you can just, come on
Tell me if you want some and you can just, come on
Tell me if you want some and you can just, come on

Tell me if you just want to get closer
Ya got the numbers on ya poster
And if ya want ta, I'll make it so that
My sensual intensity captivates
Ya gotta know ya body extractuates juice
Ecstasy is what I produce
Sweetie my virtues are never ever looser
I'm not the average Joe Schmo ya used to
This Jones in my bones could hurt ya
Unless ya ready for the lecture
Tell me if you just want to get closer
I wrote the numbers on ya poster
And if ya want ta, I'll make it so that
Never ever bringing you the satisfaction of a climax
Climax, climax


Yeah, say what you feel, feel what you say
Don't hold back, it's real that way
Take the time and the time it takes
Baby you can justify ya ain't got the time to waste
Speak up, Speak up it's not the time to play
You know I, I want ya in a special way (special way)
Special way (special way)
Special way (special way)
Ya know we need to make it happen like yesterday
Ya know, get it up and runnin like Flo Jo
We can kick it like they do up in the dojo
And oh, if you ain't ready this can go slow
But yo, if ya with it ya can let me know so
Tell me if you want some and you can just
(OOOOOOOH)

See ya sexy girl and also quite confident
You could sell goods and probably market it
Yo, what's up with seven digits can I pocket it?
I want to get with your prerogative
I bet ya need a lot to gets monotomous
Spitting more games than an evangelist
Girl you know ya scandalous
I'm trying to get a one on one monogamous
Let's look into it like an analyst
I'm thinking about. Can you handle this?
Take you back to the room with just a little touch
Touching the zone that's erogenous
But that's enough we're really trying to chill what up?
What's up with you? Baby we can chill or what?
What's up? We can chill or what. What's up with you? Baby we can chill or
What?
Tell me if you want some and you can just, come on, baby
Tell me if you want some and you can just, come on, baby
Tell me if you want some and you can just, come on, baby
Tell me if you want some and you can just, come on, baby
Come on baby