The Notorius B.I.G
Life After Death
1997)
Who y'all talking to man?
Uhh
Check it out, check it out
This here goes out
To all the niggas that be fucking mad bitches
In other niggas cribs
Thinkin shit is sweet
Nigga creep up on your ass, hahaha
Live niggas respect it, check it
I kick flows for ya, kick down doors for ya
Even left all my motherfucking hoes for ya
Niggas think Frankie pussy whipped, nigga picture that
With a Kodak, Insta-ma-tak
We don't get down like that, lay my game down quite flat
Sweetness, where you parked at?
Petiteness but that ass fat
She got a body make a nigga wanna eat that, I'm fuckin' with you
The bitch official though, dick harder than a missile yo
Try to hit it if she trippin disappearing like Arsenio
Yo, the bitch push a double-oh
With the five in front, probably a conniving stunt
Y'all drive in front, I'm a peel with her
Find a deal with her, she fuck around and steal, huh?
Then we all get laced
Television's, Versacci heaven, when I'm up in em
The shit she kicked, all the shit's legit
She get dick from a player off the New York Knicks
Nigga tricked ridiculous, the shit was plush
She's stressing me to fuck, like she was in a rush
We fucked in his bed, quite dangerous
I'm in his ass while he playing against the Utah Jazz
My 112, CD blast, I was past
She came twice I came last, roll the grass
She giggle, say I don't smoke it on homegrown
Then I heard her moan, honey I'm home
Yep, tote chrome for situations like this
I'm up in his broad I know he won't like this
Now I'm like bitch you better talk to him
Before this fist put a spark to him
Fuck around shit get dark to him, put a part through him
Lose a major part to him, arm, leg
She beggin me to stop but this cat gettin closer
Gettin hot like a toaster, I cocks the toast, uhh
Before my eyes could blink
She screams out, "Honey bring me up somethin to drink!"
He go back downstairs more time to think
Her brain racing, she's telling me to stay patient
She don't know I'm, cool as a fan
Gat in hand, I don't wanna blast her man
But I can and I will doe, I'm try to chill doe
Even though the situation lookin kinda ill yo
It came to me like a song I wrote
Told the bitch gimme your scarf, pillowcase and rope
Got dressed quick, tied the scarf around my face
Roped the bitch up, gagged her mouth with the pillowcase
Play the cut, nigga coming off some love potion shit
Flash the heat on em, he stood emotionless
Dropped the glass screaming, "Don't blast here's the stash,
A hundred cash just don't shoot my ass, please!"
Nigga pulling mad G's out the floor
Put stacks in a Prada knapsack, hit the door
Grab the keys to the five, call my niggas on the cell
Bring some weed I got a story to tell, uhh...
Yo man, y'all niggas ain't gonna believe what the fuck happened to me. Remember that bitch I left the club with man? Yo, freaky yo. I'm up in this bitch player this bitch fucking run them old Knick ass niggas and shit, I'm up in the spot though. One of them six-five niggas, I don't know. Anyway I'm up in the motherfucking spot, so boom I'm up in the pussy, whatever whatever. I sparks up some lye, Pop Duke creeps up in on some, must have been rained out or something  because he's in the spot. Had me scared, had me scared, I was shook Daddy - but I forget I had my Roscoe on me. Always. You know how we do. So anyway the nigga comes up the stairs, he сreeping up the steps, the bitch all shook she sends the nigga back downstairs to get some drinks and shit. She gettin mad nervous, I said fuck that man! I'm the nigga, you know how we do it nigga, ransom note style put the scarf around my motherfucking face, gagged that bitch up, played the kizzack. Soon this nigga comes up in the spot, flash the Desert in his face he drops the glass. Looked like the nigga pissed on his-self or somethin, word to mother! Ahh fuck it this nigga runs dead to the floor, peels up the carpet, start giving me mad papers, mad papers. (I told you that bitch was a shiesty bitch cause! Word to mother I used to fuck her cousin but you ain't know that! Hahaha. You wouldn't know that shit. Really though.) I threw all that motherfucking money up in the Prada knapsack. Two words, I'm gone! (No doubt, no doubt... no doubt!) Yo nigga got some lye, y'all got some lye?