The Notorius B.I.G
Life After Death
1997)
Yo

 Sup hello?

 Faith?
Motherfucker 

 Yo
Kill you motherfucker (voice speaking to Biggie is whispering throughout)
 Hello?
Kill you motherfucker
  WORD?
I'm gonna get you motherfucker you better watch your motherfuckin back
That's my word nigga
 Get the fuck outta here
Better watch your motherfuckin abck
 Watch my back?  WORD?
I'm gonna get Biggie, I'm gonna kill Biggie
 You soft dude, you soft
Fuck all you niggaz, you all ain't SHIT
Watch your motherfuckin back
 Eat a dick


Jealousy's a motherfucker, you weak jealous motherfuckers!
If you a jealous motherfucker, you just a weak motherfucker!
See when you on top, motherfuckers just wanna bring you down!
Motherfuckers don't even know you, and they don't like you...


Uhh, I dreams filthy
My moms and pops mixed in with Jamaican Rum and Whiskey
Huh, what a set up
Shoulda pushed em dead off, wipe the sweat off
Uhh, cause in this world I'm debtor, squeeze lead off
Benz sped off, ain't no shook hands in Brook-land
Army fatigue bring fatigue to enemies
Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up
Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD
Cryin, know my friends is lyin
Y'all know who killed im filled im with the lugars from they Rugers
or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's present
Kinda quiet, watch my niggaz bring the riot
Giving cats the opposite of diets
You gain thirty pounds when you die no lie, lazy eye
I was high when they hit me, took a few cats with me
Shit, I need the company (uh-huh)
Apoligies in order, to T'Yanna my daughter
If it was up to me you would be with me, sorta like
Daddy Dearest, my vision be the clearest
Silencers so you can't hear it
Competition still fear it, shit don't ask me
I went from ashy to nasty to classy, and still


That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall


This goes out to cats, fingers in they ass again
Fifty dollar half-a-men, daydreamin
Fuck around get wet like semen, your whole team-and
be more gone than freemen
I took the cream and, moved to new places new faces
Fuck the screwfaces, when I flip
I make the papers, dangerous, we Goodfellas
Niggaz can't bang with us, try to do me
My crew be unruly (what)
To old school cats that call gats toolies
Call blacks moolies, think it's cool to smoke woolies
And fuck without rubbers (what) specialize
in killin wives and grandmothers, who ya trustin, shit
When Frank start bustin, Frank start somethin
Killin ya gently, God meant me, to push a Bentley
Me and Sean Combs takin broads home
On the phone with the chip, these Cristal chips
bought to make our own porno flicks, my life's the shit


That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall

That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall


We used to hold the gold, now we floss with diamonds
Niggaz want my team to stop shinin
Pray my fame start declinin
Whining like girlies
We been around the world twice, moats that'll smoke ice
in moonlights, sacrifice your heart
Lexus with the automatic start (what)
Fifty shots'll tear your club apart
Eatin shrimp outta cars, with some bitches from Brussels
Eatin clams or mussels
Uhh, out the puss (what) pretty face no waist
I just want the bush, so I can mack you
Give her a package to push, cause I work dem hoes
Den dey hoes, I show you how to play them hoes
Can you just visualize it
Before I go to sleep I check the beds and the closet
so I can sleep safe, not too many people mill in the briefcase
Infrareds help me sleep safe, but wait


That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall

Y'all motherfuckers live off of negativity
What y'all niggaz need to get through your motherfuckin heads
Is that, y'all fuckin with some niggaz that's on a higher
motherfuckin level -- we don't give a fuck
About what you think about less how you feel about us
What you got to say about us
We gon keep doin our motherfuckin thing
From now till the year three thousand bitches!
You can't breathe, you can't sleep, you can't eat
without thinkin about us!
Without thinkin about us to the end!
We gonna kill you heartless motherfuckers!


That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall