Tupac
Greatest Hits
1998)
Troublesome nigga
Troublesome 19-muthafuckin-96 (westside)
Let it be known nigga
Boss of all bosses, Makaveli
Menacin' methods label me a lethal weapon
Making niggas die witnessin' breathless imperfections
Can you picture my specific plan
To be the man in this wicked land,underhanded hits are planned
Scams are plotted over grams and rocks
 Undercover agents die by the random shots
 Outlaws motherfuckers die by the random shots
We all die in the end, so revenge we swore
I was all about my ends, fuck friends and foes
Me, a born leader, never leave the block without my heata
Got me a dog and named her my bitch nigga eata
What could they do to me that little brat
Shit them niggas shot me and still terrified, I'll get their ass
How can I show you how I feel inside
We outlawz motherfuckas can't kill my pride
Niggas talk a lot of shit but that's after I'm gone
Cause they fear me in physical form let it be known
I'm troublesome

Tra la la la la la all ya niggas die 
Troublesome niggas, outlaw, put it down to the fullest, spittin rhymes and bullets, haha.
We troublesome, yall know what time it is, call the punk police, they cant stop us, niggas run the streets
Trouble shit
Gutter ways my mentality is ghetto
We're guerrillas in this criminal war, we all rebels
Death before dishonor bet on bomb on them first niggas do
We came for murder, pullin' up in a herse
Westside was the war cry bustin' all freely screaming fuck
All ya'll niggas in Swahili
Pistol packin' fresh out of jail, I ain't goin' back
Release me to care of my heartless strap
Say my name three times like Candyman
Bet I roll on your ass like an avalance
A soul survivor, learned to get high and pull drive bys
Murder my foes, can't control my nine
Hearin' thoughts of my enemies pleadin' please
Busta ass motherfuckas tried to flee
Picture me letting this chump survive
Redin' up on his ass when I'm doped and died
Cause I'm troublesome

Young, strapped, and I dont give a fuck, I'm hopeless.
I live a thuglife losing my focus, baby.
I'm troublesome, haha Badboy killer, there is no one realer, what you saw was the rough rugged and raw.
Outlaw. Outlaw.
Murder murder my mind states shit ain't change since my last rhyme
The crime rate ain't decline
Niggas bustin' shots like they lost their mind
Like twenty-five to life never crossed their mind
Tell me young nigga never learned a thang
Dead at thirteen cause he yearned to bang
Sent a lot of flowers, but how can I cry
Try to warn a little nigga either stop or die
Mercy is for the weak when I speak I scream
Afraid to sleep in havin' of crazy dreams
Vivid pictures of my enemies and family times
God to forgive me cause it's wrong but I plan to die
Either take me in heaven and understand I was a G'
Did the best I could, raised in insanity
Or send me to hell cause I ain't beggin' for my life
Ain't nothing worse than this cursed ass hopeless life
I'm troublesome

In your wildest dreams you couldn't picture a nigga like me.
Haha I'm troublesome and I don't give a fuck.
I'm troublesome.
Like my nigga Napoleon said, nigga, somebody gotta explain why I aint got shit.
Haha I'm troublesome.
You know what time it is, the Outlaw click, young rugged and sick, Makaveli the Don, the boss of all bosses.
Mousolinni, Edi Mean, Hussain Fatal, Kadafi, Kastro, Napoleon.
We aint fuckin around.
We troublesome.
Hey yo, we troublesome.
I aint going back.
Haha, Young Kastro, the first to blast last one to dash, going for the hoes and the cash.
Fuck you niggas.
Outlawz.
Kadafi, trump tight never sloppy, them muthafuckas try to copy but they cant mock you nigga, you too strong.
Outlawz keep it going on, you know whats up.
Outlawz.
Outlawz.
Outlawz.
Outlawz.
This is dedicated to the real niggas, all the real troublesome souljas on the streets.