Tupac
Resurrection
2003)
Between you and Biggie was like, who's gonna, who's gonna,
who ruled, the, the, nigga kingdom and shit basically, you know what I'm sayin'?
It was like, this is like an election...
 It is an election
 You know what I'm sayin'?
 Me and Biggie's situation was smaller than that,
me and Biggie's situation was like...

 Tupac Shakur was shot several times in the chest... 


You know, I wonder if they'll laugh when I am dead
Why am I fighting to live, if I'm just living to fight
Why am I trying to see, when there ain't nothing in sight
Why am I trying to give, when no one gives me a try
Why am I dying to live, if I'm just living to die


Check it, I grew up a fucking screw up
Got introduced to the game, got a ounce and fucking blew up
Chopping rocks overnight
The nigga Biggie Smalls trying to turn into the black Frank White
We had to grow dreads to change our description
Two cops is on the milk box missing
Show they toes you know they got stepped on
A fist full of bullets a chest full of Teflon
Run from the police picture that, nigga I'm too fat
I fuck around and catch a asthma attack
That's why I bust back, it don't phase me
When he drop, take his glock, and I'm Swayze
celebrate my escape, sold the glock, bought some weight
Laid back, I got some money to make, motherfucker




And still I'm having memories of high speeds, when the cops crashed
As I laugh pushing the gas when my glocks blast
We was young, and we was dumb but we had heart
In the dark when we survived through the bad parts
Many dreams is what I had, and many wishes
No hesitation in extermination of these snitches
And these bitches they still continue to pursue me
A couple of movies now the whole world trying to screw me
even the cops tried to sue me
So what can I do but stay true, sipping 22's a brewing
now the medias trying to test me got the press asking questions, trying to stress me
misery is all I see, thats my mind's state
My history with the police is shakin' the crime rate
Ma main man had 2 strikes, slipped, got arrested and flipped
He screamed 'Thug Life!' and emptied the clip
gots tired of running from the police




I was shocked at everything! Ya know what I'm saying. I wasn't more shocked at him dying.
I was more shocked at him. Pac' is a strong dude... I know him... You know what I'm sayin?...
Real strong... so it was when he got shot I was more like "again". You know what I'm sayin?...
He always getting shot or shot at... He gon' pull threw this one again, make a few of records about it and its gon' be over..
You know, then when he died I was like 'Woah'... you know what I'm sayin...
it kinda took me by suprise... even though we was going threw our drama I would NEVER
wish death on nobody! 'cause there ain't no coming back from that .....