Slum Village
Fantastic, Vol. 2
2000)
One-two one-two
To fall in love,
With the things you do
Don't sell yourself 
To fall in love
With those things you do.

Lady's lovin my music is like some sex shit,
Niggas trying to grip up my mic like it's a dick.
Run around the corner to pick up the new shit,
Toss this in the deck so niggas can catch rep.
I'm the motherfucker gripping the mic like it's a joke,
Niggas fall in love with the music like its a hole.
Put down your mic you lost your whole goal,
You take it to seriously like it's a gamble.
Fuck this rap shit I listen to classical,
In the studio you ask usual,of the
-my lyrical
-of bitches who you would know.
I'm out of this cause you wanna be below.
Yall niggas in love with the S,
Yall niggas in love with the S.

Yeah, jetty man I see sometimes,
I sit and wonder when I think about these written rhymes.
How'd I get to the point constantly taking all my time?
Time I could of been spending gettin' cash, gettin' mine.
Hopeing one day it comes around.
One day when I'm the nigga gettin' money, gettin' cash, gettin' signed
Getting the fuck out the ghetto, cause I'm tired of crime.
But it's a crime that I feel this fucking waste of time.
But sometimes I feel like this shit here is a waste of time, yours and mine.
To these niggas out here trying to rhyme.
Your reason for a better should of been genuine.
I do it because it gives me a sort of peace-of-mind.
And for the love.
Yourself, yourself
To fall in love,
With the things you do
Don't sell yourself 
To fall in love
With those things you do.
Yo, one-two
Word up, ah one-two, SV, word up, word up, alright.
Uh,uh,uh and to my nigga Jay-Dee uh, uh my nigga T-3 uh, oh 
That nigga Batian uh, uh, thats my crew,
Yo, uh, oh this going out to my nigga Bust-a,
And all my other motherfu-cka,
What up to all you trying to bust, us.
Trying to get down with us, cause we know you just mad as hell,
Yo I'll give em the mic, ehhh! So niggas don't know that I am,
T-3 on the mic,
I do what I do what I like, to get down right tonight.
(cause?) Cause I get down tonight, yo
Niggas try and put up a fight, wit us, yo alright.
Some freestyle shit