Lil Wayne
Tha Carter III
2008)
So you've got so many diamonds,
You wear all the finest clothes,
And your grill is shining,
As you're driving down the streets of gold,


But you can't blame me if I set this stage on fire


Mama always told me I was crazy,
My hoes say I'm amazing,
But I don't listen to a lady,
But the bitch say I'm hot,
And I say no bitch I'm blazing, like what the fuck do you expect, I'm motherfucking cajun
I feel caged in my mind, it's like my flow doing time, I goes crazy inside,
but when it comes out it's fine, like wine, wait, watch, see
I get better in time like a watch osh-be-gosh-posh
Spice husband couldn't kick it like, I kick it bitch I kicks it.
no cereal like a landing I sticks it.
whatever she asks me, after she licks it.
that's too explicit, well why you listening,
(sniff) I smell smoke, is somethin sizzling?
that's a pussy, so hey pussy play with pussy or play pussy.




They say you're nobody 'til somebody kills you
well why I'm from you're nobody 'til you kill somebody.
And you know what they say, when you're great, it's not murder, it's assassinate.
so assassinate me bitch!
'cause I'm doing the same shit Martin Luther King did, checking in the same hotel,
and the same suite bitch, same balcony like,
"ASSASSINATE ME BITCH!!" slim toche, I don't rap, I film movies.
hear my rap, you can call me Mr. Director's Chair, yeah, and that's a wrap.
cut on to the next, not the next scene, bitch, the next check.
some say that ex. makes the sex spec.,
so play with the pussy or play pussy.

Hey pussy, hey pussy, get 'em.


Straight off the corner of apple and eagle,
Braveheart bitch like the times of midevil
Married to the game that warns the cathedral,
Standing on the corner, selling porcelain to people.
Forced into evil, it's all in you head, it's all so cerebral,
call me kinevil you follow and I'll lead you straight to the needle the bottles,
the battles, the beetles will eat you,
Mama named Cita, I love you Cita, remember when your pussy second husband tried to beat you,
remember when I went into the kitchen, got the cleaver,
he ain't give a fuck, I ain't give a fuck neither,
he could see the devil (see the devil) in my features, you can smell it either,
You could see Cita, you could see the Cita (see the Cita) in my features, 'cause she don't play neither



Cita, 3P