Lil Wayne
Tha Carter III
2008)
Where's my coffee?
Good morning Doctor Carter (hey sweetie)
Looks like its going to be a long day (ah another one what we got?)
Your first patient (yeah)
Is suffering from a lack of concept (uh-Huh)
Originality (ugh)
His flow is weak (Another one)
And he has no style (Ugh)
What you got for um?

OK. Let me put my gloves on and my scrubs on.
Dr.Carter to the rescue. Excuse me if I'm late,
But like a thief it takes time to be this great.
Ha! So just wait. Your style is a disgrace,
Your rhymes are fifth place and I'm just grace.
One, Uno, Ace and I'm trying to make your heart beat like bass,
But your sweet like cake and I come to fix
Whatever you shall break. Where is your originality?
You are so fake so picture me like a gallery.
Capture what I say. All I need is one mic. All I need is one take.
Like hey, brighter then the sun ray got a pistol on the playground.
Watch the gunplay like. No kidding. No kids in the way,
But the kids do watch. Gotta Watch what we say. Gotta work everyday.
Gotta not be cliche.
Gotta stand out like Andre 3K.
Gotta kick it kick it like the sensai.
You gotta have faith you gotta gotta wait wait..

Okay.
Respect is in the heart.
So that's where I'm gonna start.
And a lot of heart patients don't make it.
Now hey kids
Plural I graduated
'Cause you could get through anything if Magic made it.
And that was called recycling
Or re-reciting
Something 'cause you just like it
So you say it just like it.
Some say its biting
But I say its enlightening
Besides Dr. Kanye West is one of the brightest.
And Dr. Swizz can stitch your track up the tightest.
And Dr. Jeezy can fix your back up the nicest.
Authritist in my hand from writing.
But I'm a doctor they don't understand my writing.
So I stop writing.
Now I'm like lighting.
And you ain't Vince Young so don't clash with the Titans.
Fast and exciting.
My passion is frighting.
Now let me put some more Vocab in your I.V.
Here take this Vicatin
Like it and love it
And confidence has no budget so pay me no mind I don't walk like I talk it 'cause I'm running
I don't do it 'cause I done it and I'm in the emergency punnet.

Swagger tighter then a yeast infection.
Fly go hard like geast erection.
Fashion patrol police detection.
I stay tight like Chinese connection.
I stay tight like pussy at night.
Baby don't get me wrong I could do that pussy right.
But I'm too wrong to write.
Too fresh to fight.
Too paid to freestyle.
Too paid to freestyle.
I had to say it twice
Swagger so nice.
And don't ask me shit unless it concern a price.
And I don't rap fast I rap slow.
'cause I mean every letter in the words in the sentence of my quotes.
Swagger just flow sweeter then honey oats.
That swagger I got it I wear it like a coat.
Wait, as I put the light down his throat.
I can only see flow.
His blood starting to flow.
His lungs starting to grow.
This one starting to show.
Strong signs of life.
Where's the stitches here's the knife.
Smack his face, his eyes open.
I reply with a nice welcome back.
Hip hop I saved your life.